# Chapter On
When I first told my parents I wanted to attend Kingston they weren't happy
with it. Getting into Kingston was hard first of all, but their biggest issue
was me moving all the way across the country to do so. "You're just 18 years
old," my mother said, "why can't you go to a college closer to home?" I had set
my mind and wasn't going to change it, not for anything. Kingston was the best
option for me and would remain my first choice.

When the letter finally came I only read "glad to inform" and "accepted". I
jumped around the house and into my mothers arms, she was happy and sad at the
same time. She would have loved to have me around for a few more years, she
said. Ultimately they knew they had to let me go.

For a long time it looked like I was moving into the dorms, something I wasn't
looking forward to, until a stroke of luck came our way. One of my fathers
friends told us his daughter was moving out of her apartment as she was getting
married. We flew over to Fort Dix to see the apartment, made a good deal and
stayed for a few days to do some sightseeing. During that time I fell in love
with the city. Being from a small town it seemed to me it was all happening
here, plus having nice weather most of the year was a bonus too.

When it was time for me to move in the janitor handed me the keys and my heart
was racing when I opened the door for the first time. As promised the previous
tenant had left some of the furniture she couldn't take with her, to my
surprise her bed was one of them. I stood on the small balcony taking in the
view and stretched my arms above my head. I took a deep breath, smiled and said
"Welcome to my new home mom."

We decorated the apartment, moved some of the furniture to different spots and
slowly the apartment became a little bit more mine. Now if it hadn't been for
that deal I could never have afforded to live there and there was just one
stipulation my parents had made. In order for them to pay half the rent I had
to find a job. "You want to be independent," my father said, "this is part of
it." I couldn't have agreed more.

The next day my father joined us and we explored the city a little more, one of
the things we did was visit my new school, which was just a walk through the
park away from me. The campus was beautiful with a mix of old and new
buildings, colonial and modern architecture mixed in a tasteful manner. All the
buildings were situated around a central square with grass and trees all
around, giving the whole space a cozy feeling.

The second to last day my father said he had to take care of something work
related and would be back in a few hours. When he did he took me downstairs to
the parking lot in the back of the building. On the parking spot marked with my
house number stood a little red car. "What do you think?" he asked me.

"What?" I replied, "Is that mine? You're kidding! No!"

He smiled as he held up the keys "It's only a second hand car, but I thought
you needed one. And I always wanted to give you one for graduation." I jumped
into his arms shouting "I love it." I was so happy when I sat down in it for
the first time, I couldn't care less that it was second hand. This was my very
first car. Plus Fort Dix was a big city and getting dents was inevitable I
thought.

When it was time for them to fly home it felt bittersweet and I was a little
sad to bring the to the airfield. I waved as they checked in and watched them
until I couldn't see them anymore. For the first time I was truly alone in this
big city. As I didn't know my school schedule I couldn't look for a job just
yet so I had a few days to spare and spent that time exploring the city a
little more. Being on my own meant I could go places I wouldn't think off when
my parents where with me.

One of those days I walked through Broad street where all the bars, clubs and
restaurants were. It was turned into an avenue some time ago and only
accessible on foot. There were trees, benches and water fountains everywhere,
it was like I had been transported to another country. At some point I turned
left and with red ears I kept on walking, only glancing at the signs I was
passing. This street was filled with strip clubs, sex clubs and stores for
adults. I couldn't believe what I saw and started walking a little faster as I
really didn't want to be seen there.

The first few weeks of college were like to be expected, I had introductions
for the first two and then real college life started. I worked for several
hours a week doing my best to combine it with school and having my very first
household. As I only had a small scholarship it was hard to get by, at the end
of each month I had to live on scraps that I had stored earlier that month or
just go hungry for a few days.

But I couldn't complain at least I could still walk to school contrary to many
of my fellow students who weren't living at the dorms, they had to drive to
school. Although I knew it could all be solved with just one phone call to my
parents, I just wanted to find my own solution and started searching for a
better paying job. Being a student who was available for just a few hours a
week, it was hard finding one.

Then I overheard a chance conversation between two girls sitting behind me.
"But weren't you scared?" one said. "Oh yes," the other one replied, "but at
least it's all no touch and a made three times what I earned at the previous
place I worked. And that just in three hours, I wished I had started stripping
months ago! I have payed all my rent and some older bills too. I tell you it's
the best decision I've made in years."

"Oh, I don't know," the other one said, "if my parents ever found out they
would kill me, no they would come and get me then kill me. I could never do
that, not ever."

"Your loss," I overheard the stripper say.

"Did you tell your parents?"

"Are you crazy! They wouldn't even come to get me, they would hire someone to
kill me." Then they got up and walked away. 'Three times the wage?' I thought
to myself, 'that's more than I have ever made in my life.' I immediately
dismissed the thought and went on with my day. Somehow it stayed with me for
the rest of the day and on my way home I thought about it again. 'Laura,' I
whispered to myself, 'Don't do anything stupid. You will regret this someday.
This is a dumb idea.'

After another busy day of school and work I sat on my couch at home. This has
to end, I thought to myself, I can't go on like this. There had to be a
solution that didn't involve taking off my clothes. After an unfruitful search
off about two hours I gave up, they either were asking for too many hours or a
degree I didn't have yet. Out of curiosity I searched for 'what does a stripper
earn' and I was blown away by the possibilities, full well understanding that
they would make it look better than it really was, but still if what they
stated on there was only half true by stripping for two hours I could earn more
than by working at the factory for a whole week.

Then there was the other thing, I had never lied to my parents and wasn't about
to start now. Sure there were the little white lies when I got home a little
late, but I never kept anything from them. Not even when I lost my virginity.
All my mother asked when I told her was if I had used protection. I had and the
next week we had an appointment at the doctor for the pill. This was just
another thing I would have to tell them if or when I was going to do this.

"Mom," I said after first chatting about school for some minutes, "I have
something I need to talk to you about. And please don't freak out, it's
something I've been thinking about. I just wanted your opinion first and maybe
even your support."

"What is it?" my mother sounded a little worried.

"Well, you know how hard it is to combine school with work and I've tried so
hard to find a better job, but they all ask for too many hours, hours that I
don't have. I need time to sleep too. So I found this ad where they were asking
for girls and -- well -- I could earn three times what I earn now and just have
to work for two or three hours a week."

"That sounds wonderful," she said, "but you know you can always come to us,
right? We could lend you the money."

"Yes," I said, "I know. But the biggest reason why I took this scholarship is
that I would have a massive debt when I graduate. If you lend me the money I
still would have one."

"Oh, I'm sure we could get to an agreement about that," my mother said and in
my mind I could see her smile.

"I know," I replied, "but that's not what I want. That would mean I'm still
dependent on you guys. I'm almost 19 now and I need to stand on my own two
feet."

"So, what's the job you were talking about."

"Well, please don't get mad, but I would be working at a strip club."

"What! No! No! You're not serious! Oh no, not going to happen. How much do you
need each month? I will give it to you, no questions asked." she replied.

"Mom! I don't want a handout! I want to be on my own and it's just to earn
money. It's strictly no touching. All I will do is dance to some music and
strip. Just two or three hours a week and I could spend more time studying, get
better grades and not feel so tired anymore."

"Well you wanted to move all the over to Fort Dix," she replied, "and you might
be 18 now, while you are living in that apartment under our name you will
**NOT** do that! You hear me, young lady!" and she hung up.

It was quite some time since she had called me that and I was stunned that she
hung up on me. Crying was nearer to me than laughter and I really thought I had
blown it with them. After just a few minutes my father called.

"Hey dad," I answered the phone.

"Your mother told me you were thinking about doing something stupid," he said,
"Let me first say that I'm glad you first talked to us, I appreciate that. A
lot. Then there is the other thing. I totally agree with your mother. You are
not going to strip for money, are you crazy?"

"But dad?"

"No but dad! You listen to me. I will come over this weekend and we will find a
solution we all are happy with."

"Okay," I replied, "Your name might be on the lease but I'm an adult now and
you do not get to say what I do with my life anymore. Just by acting the way
you two do, makes me want to do it even more. Just to proof a point. I didn't
want a lecture, nor your help. I want to find my own solution and I have found
one. I just called to inform you about it. I've never lied to you guys and
wasn't about to start now."

"But you asked for my opinion," I heard my mother say in the background.
Clearly my father had me on speaker. "I know mom, it was more a figure of
speech. Look, it has been so hard combining it all. Did you ever hear me
complain? Did I ever ask for help? No. I just thought you might want to hear it
from me, instead of finding out any other way."

"And we are grateful for it," my father said, "and yes, you've always been
honest with us about things like this. We do appreciate that. But, what if
someone at school finds out? What if they suspend you for it? Or even worse,
expel you for it?"

"They can't," I replied, "I've checked the school rules and it plainly states
that they only enforce their rules on campus grounds and/or during school
hours. I don't live on campus and this job isn't on campus, therefore anything
I do off-campus can't be regulated. Just as long as I don't wear anything
school related while I'm doing it."

"You really did you research," my father said rather proudly.

"Yes," I replied, "as I said I've really looked into this. And I know they
paint a better picture than it really is, but if what they say is only half
true I could earn what I make in a week in just two or three hours. On top of
that, the club I would choose isn't even going fully nude. The act ends with
me just wearing underwear. It's a sensual act, not a sexual one."

"But one thing could lead to another," my father said.

"It might," I replied truthfully, "but I will cross that bridge when I get
there. Look, if I don't like it I can always do something else or go back to
the factory. It's just I am so tired dad, if been working, studying and going
for school for almost 100 hours a week. Leaving me with just over an hour each
day for myself, most of that I spend cooking, cleaning, taking a shower and off
I am again. I can't remember the last time I just sat down to read a book or
watch a movie."

"I understand," he said, "welcome to being an adult."

"I know and I accept that. But you don't work 100 hours a week, 50 maybe even
60? Then you come home and go golfing or something."

"Touche," he replied, "that's true. You could have chosen to live in the dorms,
it would have been cheaper."

"Not quite true," I replied, "I would have to may more tuition each year. All
the students I talked to had savings accounts for the next year. Theirs is
almost twice mine. If you take that into account it's almost the same."

"Laura," my mother had taken over the phone, "I hear you've really thought
about this and -- well I can't believe I'm saying this -- if you are sure it
can't hurt you at school -- just be careful. It can be a dangerous job and I am
so worried something bad might happen to you."

"Thanks mom," I replied, "I will be careful."

A few days later my heart was racing as I stepped into _the Vagrant_. It wasn't
a strip club in the true sense of the word, it was more a gentleman's club
where the girls were dressed _sensually_. It was only two in the afternoon and
the bar wasn't even half filled. To my surprise there were a few women there
too. I walked over to the bar and asked for the owner.

A few minutes later I sat down in a small office in the back, across from me a
woman sat down. She didn't look at all like I expected, she was dressed like
any other owner of a bar or restaurant.

"So how can I help you?" she asked.

"Well, I've been working at the factory for months now and as I still go to
school I can't work there for enough hours. Then I heard about this place and
that you were looking for -- _employees_."

"We always are," she replied, "but what kind of employee do you mean? Hostess,
waitress or dancer."

"Hostess?"

"Yes," she replied, "a waitress brings the drinks or food. The hostess
_entertains_ our guests and sees to their every need. Within reason of course,
were not a brothel. Hostesses are more the replacement girlfriend you take to
dinner, a little smile, some touching, maybe even the odd kiss. But that is as
far as it will go. I've just fired a hostess when I heard she went a little too
far with our patrons."

"Ah," I replied, "no. Not hostess. And I have no experience being a waitress
either. As I said I don't have much time during a week, with school and all."

"So dancer? You got any experience with that?"

"Not really," I replied, "I did some ballet when I was a child, then moved to
street dance. I love dancing."

"Wow," she smiled, "street dance."

"Yes," I replied, "We had a small crew and made it all the way to nationals one
year. But then we all graduated and the crew stopped to exist."

"That speaks for what you can do," she replied, "but you do understand it's not
just dancing, do you?"

"Yes, I know. I've thought about it for a long time before I came here. I even
talked to my parents about it."

"You did?"

"Yes, they weren't happy, still aren't. But I didn't want to do this without
them knowing about it."

"I can respect that," she replied, "I like people who are honest. You strike me
as one of them."

"I try to be."

"Now," she said, "we've talked for a few minutes and we haven't introduced
ourselves. My name is Carina and you are?"

"Oh, Laura," I replied, "Laura Davis."

"Pleased to meet you Laura," Carina replied, "So, let's say I hire you as a
dancer, what would your stage name be?"

I hadn't thought about that one until then. "Oh gosh," I replied, "I have no
idea. Didn't think about that. I thought about a lot, but not that."

Carina laughed and said "We couldn't introduce you with your real name, could
we?"

"I guess not," I replied, "but I really would have to think about it."

"That's fair," Carina replied, then she looked at me intensely as if she wanted
to pierce into my head and read my thoughts. I tried to look straight at her.
Then ever so slowly she said "Now, one more thing. You know what it all
entails, so take off your clothes."

I was a little stunned and looked at the windows of her office, the blinds were
open as well as the door. "Oh no," she said, "those remain open. If you really
want to do this it shouldn't be a problem. Anybody who works here will see it
eventually."

I knew she was right, but to be confronted like this blew me away a little.
After thinking for a few seconds I got up and slowly opened my blouse. I took
it off and hung it on the chair. Then I proceeded with my pants, socks and just
stood there in my underwear.

"Great figure," Carina said, "but you're still wearing something."

I just stared at her for a moment before I took off my bra and panties. I stood
there in the office totally naked. Carina smiled and said "Now, that's more
like it. Let me check." She got up and walked around me, inspecting everything
from my face to my breasts. "Good, good," she said, "we could work with that.
Now, if you don't mind. Get me a coffee from the bar."

"Like this?" I asked her in a slight panic.

"Yes, just like that."

I stared at her as if she had gone crazy, then I turned to the door and just
before I was about to step out she shouted "Okay, okay, get dressed. I just
wanted to see how far you where willing to go. Come back in and get dressed." I
sighed a breath of relief and put my clothes back on.

When I was dressed again I sat down feeling a little betrayed. "Ah relax,"
Carina said, "I would never embarrass you like that. It was just a joke, a dumb
joke." I tried to laugh but really didn't feel like it, but I also thought that
if I really was going to do this I just had to get used to being naked in front
of people I didn't know. Maybe this was a good test for her to see if I was
willing to go in there naked.

"No," I said, "it wasn't a joke." I got up, took off my clothes and said "One
or two sugars?" Now it was time for Carina to be stunned. "Um, just black," she
whispered and I stepped outside, walked into the bar, greeted the patrons and
said to to guy behind the bar "Carina would love a coffee and so would I".

I stared straight into the eyes of one of the patrons who quickly turned away.
With two coffee in my hands I returned to the office and placed the steaming
cups on her desk, sat down and said "Wow, that was way more exciting than I
thought it would be. But what a rush!"

Carina burst into laughter and said "Okay, you're hired. But never ever do that
again!" I started laughing too. 'At least I can say I've done it,' I thought to
myself. If you would have asked me then I would have denied that it even turned
me on a little.


