# Changes
*an erotic tale by Transgirl*

## Chapter One
The world seemed brighter, the sun warmer, they sky more blue. It felt like I
was set free after being kept captive for so long. I can't really explain how I
felt any other way. We had gotten married right after graduating college. We
had been dating for two years and it just felt right. Little did I know how
lonely I would become even though I was married.

Being on top of his class he got offered the job of his dreams, working for a
space agency as an engineer. It was all he had ever talked about and I was more
than happy to go with him. We would have the best live, I thought. Maybe even
kids, I was just over the moon. Moving so far away from family and friends
wasn't something I was looking forward to, but we could always fly home. Or at
least that's what he told me.

Within the first year he got promoted and that's when it all went downhill for
us. He started working long hours, there was always something he had to do,
always a new launch he had to prepare for. Even though we could comfortably
live of his wages alone I wanted to fee useful again.

"Why?" was what he said when I suggested to go back to work, "We don't need the
money. Just go to the spa, shopping or whatever it is you girls do for fun."

The women in the block of houses where we lived where all a little older than I
was and I simply did not have any connection with them. Ever so slow I felt
more and more isolated. During the day the dry dessert heat was too much for me
and living in the suburbs meant there wasn't anybody outside any way. My whole
world was limited to the house we lived in. The only time I came outside was to
get the groceries and even that I didn't like as it simply was too warm.

When I tried to talk to him about it he always waved it away. "Just go to the
spa or something. Here's my credit card, go have some fun."

Ever so slowly I started to recent living there. On top of it all he started
working longer hours, even during the weekends he was supposed to be with me.
Always there was an excuse for him not to come home. I felt like a maid not his
wife anymore. Everything else was more important to him than I was.

It all came to an irruption when I wanted to go to my parents 40th anniversary,
they had organized a big party during that weekend and I had been looking
forward to it for so long. I was ready to go, had packed our suitcases and
waited for him to come home to pick me up. I waited and waited, called him an
hour before we had to go. No answer. I called him multiple times, even talked
to his assistant. "No he's not available right now," she said, "can you call
back later?"

"No," I shouted, "I'm his wife! For gods sake. I want to talk to my husband
right now!"

"You're his wife? I didn't even know he was married."

"What?!"

"Yes, he's been dating one of the girls here. I think they are at an office
party right now."

"A party?! He was supposed to pick me up so we could go and visit my parents.
They've been married for 40 years and he's at a party with some chick?"

"Well, she's the CEO."

"I don't believe this."

"Sorry, but I have to go now. They're announcing something important. Sorry"

I just stared at my phone, she had just hung up on me. I called my husband
again, this time he did pick up. "Laura, I can't talk right now." he said and
hung up.

I just was dumbfounded. Sat there not knowing what to do. We had already missed
the flight, there was no use trying to catch it anymore. So I just sat there,
waiting.

It was getting dark when I saw two headlights shining through the window. With
a smile on his face he walked in and switched on the lights. I hadn't moved all
this time. "What's wrong?" he said, "Why are you sitting in the dark?"

"Did you forget something?" I whispered.

"What? I didn't hear you."

"Did you forget something?" I said a little louder.

"Not that I know. Why are the suitcases here?"

"Where were we supposed to be right now?"

"I don't -- Oh God. I am so sorry. I forgot all about it. I thought it was next
week. Was it this weekend? Oh no, I am so sorry. I totally forgot."

"Why did you think I called you?" tears rolled down my cheeks. I had passed
being angry hours ago. All was left was total emptiness. As I looked up I
didn't feel a spark anymore, just disdain. "I cannot forgive you for this. You
bent me too far. Now you've broken me."

"Now Laura, don't over dramatize this. We will catch a flight early in the
morning. We can be there around 3 in the afternoon and spend some time with
them. We can fly back the next day, because I need to work Sunday."

"Oh thank you so much for allowing me to spend a few ours with my parents. ON
THEIR 40TH ANNIVERSARY! So gracious of you. You know how I was looking forward
to this and you simply forgot? What else did you forget? That you were
married?" I went in for the kill now.

"What?"

"Yes, I talked to your assistant. Why did she tell me she didn't know you were
married? Huh? Yes, she told me about the office party too. You told me you had
to work on something for the new launch. Instead you were at a party knowing
full well I was waiting for you to come pick me up. And who's Susan? Did you
really think I wouldn't find out?"

"Come on Laura --"

"No" I said resolute, "It's over. Done. You will hear from my lawyers. I left
everything for you, so you could follow your dream. I left my family, friends
and a nice job. I sacrificed everything just to see you happy. And what did I
get in return? You treating this house like a hotel, treating me as if I was
your maid and now I learn that you've been dating the CEO? Not wearing your
ring all day long. Does she even know you're married?"

He just looked at his shoes and I think it was the calm way I said all of it,
not raising my voice while still making clear how angry I was. I was cold,
hard, conniving. I wanted to see him cry, I wanted to hurt him. But I kept it
all inside, attacking him would give him an advantage I didn't want him to
have.

"I'll be in a hotel tonight," I said, "Don't dare to call me, to follow me or
whatever it is you boys do. I've had it. I can't do this anymore." I got up,
got my purse and my suitcase. Just before I walked out the door I turned around
and said "Oh, I talked to Susan about half an hour ago. She said to tell you
not to come in tomorrow or ever again. Clearly she didn't know I was your wife
and she didn't like hearing about it. Funny how that works."

Half a year later we signed the divorce papers. My lawyers had found out he had
more girls on the side. He had lost me, his job and most of the money he had
made over the years we were married. The judge awarded me most of our assets,
even the house. All he was left with were his clothes, his stupid Corvette and
a small amount of money.

I moved back home much to the joy of my parents. I hadn't missed their
anniversary and despite all that was going on we still had a wonderful weekend.
The settlement had made it possible for me to get a nice apartment, near the
beach. I had missed seeing the ocean, feeling the salty air on my skin. Just
being able to sit outside on my balcony felt like a liberation to me. No more
dry desert heat, no more graveyard suburbs around me but live and people
enjoying themselves.

I felt like I was living again, freed from prison I had put myself in. I
started working in a small shop just around the corner and just started
enjoying life again. Sure working in that shop was way below my pay grade, but
I didn't care. It gave me the time to find myself again and to see what it was
that I wanted to do, who I wanted to become.

It was during one of the weekends I was exploring what surrounded Fort Dix when
I came across a nice small town, called Oxford. It was one of those old miner
towns and they had managed to keep that look and feel throughout the ages. It
was like going back in time and I loved being there. Not to live there, I
needed the hustle of the big city. It was just nice to slow down for a while
and weeks later I spent a weekend there.

Just around the corner was a small coffee shop, as soon as I sat down the
matron walked up and said "Hi there. I'm Chloe, what can I get you?" Despite
being a general greeting it felt warm and inviting. The same was true for all
the other stores and places I visited. They all greeted me with the same warmth
and were so welcoming as if they all knew me and were happy to see me.

I returned many times after that and got to know some of the proprietors,
especially the owner of the coffee shop. Chloe and I just got along real well
and it was always so nice the be there for a while. "Ah, Laura. So nice to see
you again. The same as always? I will bring it shortly. Sit down, sit down. I
am so glad you're here."

During one of my visits Chloe told me about *The Rose*, a bar just outside of
town. "It's the oldest bar in the state. Started by Rose Maplewood when she
came over. It was unheard of back in the day, a woman didn't come over here all
alone. But she did. Because she couldn't find a job she started a bar. It was
hard at first, but then the railroads came and hers was the first thing people
saw when they came. Well, she entertained some *ladies of the night*, if you
know what I mean. To make a long story short, when she passed away someone took
over, renamed it in her honor and transformed it into a more reputable
establishment. Nowadays it's a club for adults. I've never been there, but if
the stories I heard are true --" She shook her hand as if she had burned
herself.

"And now it's closing down?"

"Yes, they can't find a new owner. Rosa is getting there, her husband passed
away two years ago. If no one is interested it might close within the next year
or two. So sad, it would mean we lose a landmark. Some big developers are
waiting like hawks, they want to build some sort of park there. I don't really
know. But it would be so sad if that building is tore down."

About an hour later I found myself driving that way. If it was such a landmark
I wanted to see it for myself. It was as beautiful as Chloe had described. It
was an old colonial house, with lots of land surrounding it. On the gate was a
simple sign with a rose depicted on it. In beautiful old-style letters it read
*The Rose*. Underneath a simple sign stating *Adult club. Open from 9PM till
6AM, open all hours during the weekends.*

My curiosity was peaked and I decided to go see for myself what was happening
inside. Back in the hotel I checked their website and read about what they were
offering. "We are not a brother nor a sex club. We are a club for adults who
want to enjoy some more freedom than other places can offer. Rooms are
available."

I couldn't even try to imagine what would be going on in there. What I got from
the site was what they weren't, but what they were wasn't really clear. I had a
quick dinner, took a quick shower and dressed up as nice as I could with the
clothes I had brought with me. My heard was racing and I was very anxious as I
made my way over to The Rose. On the way over I resisted the urges to just turn
around, but my curiosity got the better of me and I sat there in the parking
lot for some time deciding whether to get out of the car.

"Don't be such a wuss," I said to myself, "Go in and have some excitement for
once in your life." With my hands shaking I pressed the doorbell and resisted
running back to my car. The door opened and a woman in her late 60s stood in
the doorway. "Hello, welcome, welcome. Come in." Hesitantly I did what she
said and stepped inside.

I entered a small hallway and waited for her to close the door. "Hello, I'm
Rosa. Welcome to The Rose. I don't recognize you, so first time here?" I nodded
and she smiled "Ah yes, please follow me." We stepped into a small office to
the right of the entrance with a simple *Staff Only* sign on the door. She
gestured for me to sit down and she took her place on the other side of the
desk in the middle of the room.

"Welcome again, what is your name sweetheart?"

"Laura, Laura Davis."

"Just Laura is enough. In the Rose we don't care about last names or who you
are on the outside. In here everyone is equal. We don't care if you are a CEO
or work in a factory. We treat everybody the same, as human beings. We are all
here to forget our sorrows and to escape the world outside for a while. That's
what we offer at The Rose, an escape."

"That's so nice. I heard about this place at the coffee shop."

"Ah yes, all good I hope?"

"Yes, I just had to come and see it for myself."

"Well, welcome. Let me start by saying this. We are not a sex club or anything
like that. We have rooms available but those are mostly used by people who come
from far and don't want to drive home at the end of the night. They are cheap
and for members even free. What you do in those rooms is all up to you, but we
don't condone any of it downstairs, if you get my drift."

"I think I do," I replied.

"Well, that being said. We do allow a little more than other establishments.
You can show a little more of yourself if you want to, but if you want to do
more then you will have to retreat upstairs. We do allow a good show, so to
say. But the main objective is just to relax. To meet people and just to enjoy
each others company. You will see it if you are prepared to sign our waver."

"A waver?"

"Yes, just to guarantee discretion. To never use anything you see in here
outside in the real world. One of the reasons we never use our last names in
here, or if you want to not even your real first name either."

"Well, I am a lawyer or at least I went to law school so I would like to read
it before I sign it."

"That understandable. I will leave you to it then. Back in ten minutes? Would
that be enough time? Can I get you anything?"

"A tea would be nice," I replied, "I still have to drive back to the hotel."

"Oh, why not stay the night. We still have a room available. I can offer it for
free so you don't have to pay for two rooms."

I smiled and said "In that case a white wine would be nice."

Rosa smiled and said "It works all the time. Wonder why?"

I chuckled and knew that I liked her already. She didn't push, made me feel
like it was all my decision. But I thought one wine won't hurt me, I can still
drive back to the hotel when I want to. I started to read the document and
couldn't find anything wrong with it, it was a general waver so that I wouldn't
disclose any information about who I met in here or what they had done. Not
even when I recognized them out in the open.

When Rosa returned with my wine I signed the waver and she showed me around.
There were several rooms with different styles. There was the library, the
front room and the conservatory. There were just a few people there. "This is
is the ball room." Rosa said as she opened the door for me. It was a huge
space, to the left was a large bar with some patrons sitting at it. Next to it
were some tables and chairs, all beautifully laid out. To the right was a big
dance floor with a podium on the far end. To the left of it was a booth where a
DJ was playing records. On the floor a few people were dancing.

"It's still early," Rosa said, "More people will come. The real party starts at
midnight." I looked around and my eyes fell on the raised plateaus with a pole
in the center of them. I couldn't think of anything they were there for. With
my wine in my hand we walked to the bar and Rosa said "Well, you saw the stairs
to the front. You have room 12 for whenever you need it. There's no key, just
lock it when your inside. People respect the *closed* sign it will show. If you
do not want to be disturbed, we will respect that. For the rest all I can say
is have fun! Mingle, talk to people!"

I smiled as she walked away to greet more people who came in. I noticed she
greeted them all with their names and I was simply amazed to see her do that.
She didn't even have to think, she just pulled their names out of a hat it
looked like.

I sat down at the bar, sipping from my wine. The DJ played some golden oldies
from the 80s and more people started to dance. As more people came in the floor
got more and more crowded. A woman who sat next to me reached out her hand and
said "Hi, I'm Mindy and you are?"

"Laura, Laura --" I remembered not to say my last name but it was almost
automatic for me to say it.

"Nice to meet you Laura, first time here?"

"Yes, is it that obvious."

"To me yes. But I'm almost furniture. My husband and I come here to relax. Busy
jobs, so once a month we come here for the weekend. Just having the rooms
upstairs is so convenient. We love to go hiking in the mountains, or going to
the beach in Fort Dix. But in the evenings we are here, having some fun."

"Nice, I don't really know why I came. I heard about this place today and I was
just curious, I guess."

"That's how we all started, honey. Believe me this won't be the last time. I
don't really know what it is, the freedom I guess. You can do whatever you
want, there are rules but they are a bit looser than anywhere else. It's just
perfect. Look, that's my husband on the dance floor. He loves to dance, I on
the other hand not so much. Not until I've had some alcohol." She laughed and
said "It's so nice to see him having fun."

"But aren't you jealous? I mean he's holding her in his arms."

"Oh god no, The more fun he has here the more fun I will have later this
night." She winked at me and laughed. She turned her had to me and said "One
weekend he had so much fun I could hardly walk out of here." I just had to
laugh, it was more the way in which she said it. We talked for some more and
she introduced me to some other people and the longer I was there the more
relaxed I got. Midnight came faster than I had expected and the DJ turned up
the volume a little.

I walked around and decided to take a look in the other rooms. There were
people sitting there, talking and smiling when they saw me walk in. "Just
looking around," I explained myself. It wasn't long before I returned to the
ball room. As I entered I saw two women on those platforms and suddenly I
realized what they were for. The women danced sensually and spun around the
poles. They hung upside down, spinning round as they lowered themselves. The
people on the dance floor cheered them on.

"And now for the real challenge," the DJ spoke, "Only one can win. Whoever
takes off their dress the sexiest will win. Mandy will start. Give her another
cheer, ladies and gentlemen." As the volume rose a little Mandy started to
dance, move up and down, spinning around the pole. Slowly she removed the
straps from her shoulders, taking of her dress as sensually as she could. When
she held it up high, she just stood their in her underwear. Not it was time for
the other one.

She repeated the process, but her moves were more elegant and when she dropped
her dress she revealed a very nice set of lingerie. She turned around, moved
her hand to her back and slowly unclasped her bra. She turned around once more
holding the bra in place with her arms. Just she was about to drop it too, she
turned her back to us once more. Holding her bra up in the air with just two
fingers, before she dropped it to. When she turned to us she covered her
breasts with her arms and right on the beat she raised her arms up high,
exposing her breasts to the audience. A loud cheer sounded and she had clearly
won this challenge. "Audrey everybody. Give her a cheer! She's won the right to
drink and eat on the house today. Don't forget Mandy, she did a great job."

The crowd cheered once more and both women got down from the platforms and both
put their clothes back on. Audrey was laughing and her face turned a little
red. I finally understood what Rosa had meant with allowing a little more.
