# Changes
*an erotic tale by Transgirl*

## Chapter One
From a very young age I knew what was expected, life was simple and
straightforward. You listened to your parents, especially your father, you did
what you were told. I wore what was expected of me and I was quiet until spoken
to. But most off all I was a happy child, hearing my mother tell me I would
make a nice wife someday was the biggest praise I could expect. I always felt
so proud afterwards. She taught me how to cook, how to clean and how to take
care of the man of the house. It was his job to provide the money for the food,
it was our job to prepare it. My father always ate first, we waited until he
had taken at least 10 bites or when he gave permission for us to start. That
was just the way it was and I didn't think it was different anywhere else.

When it was time for *the talk* all my mother said was "when a man and a woman
get together to make a baby, it is the man who plants the seed into the woman.
The woman carries that child for nine months until it is born and blessed by
the Lord. Now, this is strictly done between a husband and a wife and only to
create another life. Sleeping together for any other reason is wrong and a sin.
Do you understand what I am saying? -- Good -- now go to sleep. It's all okay
and normal. We bleed every month, it's the way of God to keep us clean. You
understand? Good. Sleep well."

We never ever spoke of it again when I needed hygiene products all she did was
point to a cabinet in the bathroom, I had to find out how to use them myself.
But as I said, this all seemed normal to me. This was just the way it was. And
I can't say that was unhappy, because I wasn't. I had a good childhood, within
the church I even had friends who I could play with. Our favorite was to walk
our dolls and pretend to be mothers, we talked about what our kids had done and
how we had taken good care of our husbands. "I baked a cake the other day," I
said once, "Just because I felt like it. He ate it all, he was so happy with me
that day. He even gave me a kiss afterwards."

It was in high school when it all started to change for me. I saw kids wearing
clothes I wasn't allowed to wear. When I asked my mother about it all she said
was "Just lower your head and look at the floor. That's the devils work you are
seeing. Just stop, look at the ground and pray for the Lord to keep you safe."

I did what I was told and it didn't take long for me to become that strange
kid, the went out their way to confront me with those shirts, making it almost
impossible for me to get anywhere. I was constantly praying, just standing
still in the middle of the hallway, looking at the ground. When a teacher saw
me, she took me to the side and asked me what I was doing. I told her what my
parents had told me to do. "Oh sweetheart," she said with a warm voice, "I
understand you are following what your parents say. But this is not a way to
live in the real world. You can't just stand there and pray. Just hold your
head down, pray and keep walking. You don't want to be late to classes, do
you?" I shook my head, but felt very confused. Was she really telling me to go
against my parents? I couldn't do that. What if anyone told them what I had
done?

For the next few weeks she kept an eye on me, keeping most of the other
children away from me. "Is this really the best way for you to get to class
Tommy?" was one of the things she said. During one of her classes she said
"Now, we are all different people, with different believes. It is not on us to
judge another person solely on what they believe. There are people for whom it
is forbidden to eat pork, others have to wear a kippa. Who are we to judge
anyone? Respect the other person, maybe even talk to them to try to understand
them. Above all just let them be who it is they are."

After that talk the harassment diminished and some of the girls even started to
talk to me. That's when the confusion really started. They didn't have to cook,
or clean the house. "My mother told me I was strong and independent," one of
the said, "that I don't need a man in my life and that I can become whatever it
is I want to become. Even president or an astronaut. Did you know there's a
woman in space right now? She's just bad ass. Oh, so sorry. I didn't mean to
offend you. I am so sorry."

A woman in space? That just wasn't possible, a woman could never do such a
thing. We simply weren't build for that, only men were strong enough to do such
things. Still she was so sure of it, even showed me newspaper articles about
her. Sally Ride was her name and she went up in the space shuttle. I couldn't
believe it, there she was in her blue space suit. Where my parents wrong? Was I
told a lie? I just couldn't reconcile what I was taught with what I learned to
be true in the real world. How could this be the devils work? She looked so
happy in that picture.

I didn't tell anything about this to my parents, because I knew what would
happen if I did. They would take me out of school and at the most home school
me or just put me to work. I wanted to learn, I loved going to school.

The first deviance was me not stopping whenever I saw some of the devils work,
I just looked down and kept on walking. Then I stopped praying for the Lord to
keep me safe and last but not least I stopped looking at the ground. Nothing
bad ever happened to me, quite the contrary. Kids started to ignore me, as if I
was just as anybody else. I even got friends who were not going to the same
church as I did, they showed me how it could be. How they could just be kids
and have fun.

The first time I wore a t-shirt with the logo of a boy band on it to school I
felt empowered. I held my head up high and even got some compliments from the
other girls. When my mother found it in my backpack the punishment was severe,
when I protested it got even harsher. But I couldn't stop anymore, I started
defying their orders, questioning their believes. "If a woman can go to space,
why can't I go to college? I am smart enough, I have the grades. My teachers
say I could get a full scholarship, so why won't you allow me to go?"

"Because it's a woman's job to get married, stay home and have kids. That's the
way the Lord has intended it to be. Now not another word."

Our relationship deteriorated in the years after. I did go to church, I did the
tasks that were handed to me, but all to keep the peace. In the mean time I was
planning my future, with the help of my teacher. I had applied to multiple
colleges and when they told me why they couldn't just send the letters to my
home it was my teacher who said "Her parents are in a cult-like situation. If
you send those letter to her home my pupil will never see it. We are working on
getting her out of that situation and she's willing to do anything to get
there. She's doing whatever they tell her to do, just so she can keep going to
school. She's bright, smart and hard working. So please, send the letters to me
and I will see to it that she gets them. If you don't I am so afraid she will
be pulled out of school and hidden from the world for all eternity. I've seen
it happen, children who went here have vanished. They are guarded heavily and
working on the fields. If we can save this one, we will have saved the world
and found a way to get them out one in a time."

Was it true what she told me? Did others go before me? I was told they got
married and lived somewhere else now. That they were so happy to do God's work
and be a good wife to their husband. Was it all a lie?

It was strictly forbidden for me to go near the far fields. I was always told
it was too dangerous to go there, only men were allowed to be there. But I
found a spot in one of the closest barns, way up high was a small platform
where I could peek out the window and have view over those fields. My heart was
racing when I laid there on that platform, if I were caught I don't know what
would have happened to me. Slowly I raised my head and there they were. Working
the field guarded by three men with guns. They were too far away for me to see
who they were, but now I had seen it with my own eyes and my teacher had told
the truth.

I kept very quiet, didn't move a muscle when I heard the barn doors open. I
pressed myself against the wall. I only took small and shallow breaths. Someone
was doing something in the barn and it seemed to take ages for him to leave. I
waited for a few more minutes before I came down. I slipped out the back and
just as I was about to walk back to our house I heard a voice say "What do you
think you are doing?" I turned around and saw one of the elders standing
behind me.

I opened up my skirt. "I was collecting eggs, sir. Some of the chickens laid
them over here. I was just trying to help." The man looked at the eggs I held
up in my skirt and said "Don't ever come here again and bring those eggs to my
wife. She can make some omelets with them. Now move, I will tell your father
about this."

"Oh please sir, I was just trying to help. I didn't know I was doing anything
wrong. I will pray for an hour before bed to make it up to you."

"Make sure that you do. Now go."

To my utter amazement my father was never told. And just to make sure the elder
would hear I did what I told him what I would do. I prayed for over an hour
before bed. Just so my mother could tell his wife what a devout child I was.

I kept my grades up, got accepted to the college I wanted and graduated with
honors from high school. My parents even were there to see me graduate. "Now",
my father said, "We can find you a good husband and you can have a good life.
Let's go."

"No," I replied and stood still, "No, I won't"

"What is this?" My fathers voice grew in anger.

"I'm 18 now and an adult. I can make my own choices now and there's nothing you
can do about it. I won't go back with you. I'm going to college, I've been
awarded a full scholarship. I can do whatever it is I want to do, one day I
could even be president or go to space. You no longer control me."

My teacher came standing behind me, as well as some of the friends I had made.
They wanted to make sure I wasn't hurt or pulled away. My father went from me
to them and back to me again. "This is the wrath of the devil!" he growled,
"You are possessed. How can this happen? Why did this happen to me? God is
testing me, that's what it is. He's asking to sacrifice my only child. If
that's what it takes than so be it, you are no longer my daughter. If you want
to dance with the devil -- we will find you and make you come back to us. I
promise you that. If not than we will find a way to make you suffer."

"Is that a threat, sir?" A male voice sounded. While my father was ranting a
police officer had walked up. "Because if that's a threat you will have to come
with me."

My father head looked like it was exploding, he just growled shouting "It's the
devil I say, the devil!" He stormed off and I just started to cry. Despite it
all I still loved them and I felt so sorry for them and relieved at the same
time. I just can't explain it, but I had made it out. I had shown it to be
possible. The only thing was all the others were taken out of school and no
others ever were allowed to go back there.

Later I heard others had escaped after me, one after the other. Even some who
had been punished had found a way to safety. The told stories that fitted in a
horror book, they were raped, forced to have children who were then taken away
from them and given to the other women in the cult. One of the said she had
eight children, she had been pregnant for almost six years straight.

Finally after the 20th person had escaped the FBI charged in, the elders were
arrested and it became known that a 12-year old girl had been forced to marry
him. By the time she was 15, she had 2 children of her own. I heard things I
didn't even know and I had been part of it. But as my father was rather high up
I was spared some of the things others went through. It was hard, but we all
got together to support each other. To help them find their way in this world
they just didn't know. Some of them told me what happened after I left, how
strict it all became. But they didn't blame me. "You had to get out, just like
the rest of us. You were able to safe yourself and you showed us that it was
possible. You gave us hope. You did that for us and we thank you for it. And
now you are here to help us again." one of them said.

I sat in the courtroom when my father was sentenced. 35 years in federal
prison, he didn't even look at me when they escorted him away. My mother sat
right behind him, still the loyal wife. When she looked at me her eyes were
cold and hard, she turned away and walked out that courtroom. Out of my life.

## Chapter Two
It was thought better for me not to move into the dorms. The change would have
been to great for me to cope with. With the help of my former teacher, now my
friend, we found me a nice one-bedroom apartment near the college. With my
scholarship I could just about afford the rent and meals were provided for
cheap at the school.

The first night I was alone in that apartment it felt strange to me, there
wasn't anyone to tell me what to do and because I was so used to it I kept to
the same regime I was drilled to do for so long. I prayed at 7 and was in bed
half an hour later. I woke up at 4AM, did my homework, studied and went to
school for the day. I was so used to it that I didn't even think about it.

I did that for weeks until someone asked me to study with her. "We can go to
the library after school."

"But I have to sleep at 8." I said.

"What? Why? Who told you that?"

"My parents," and I told her about my youth.

"Ah, I understand. Now, hear me out. Who is there to tell you what to do?"

"No one. I live alone now."

"So why do you do it?"

"Because I was taught to do so."

"Okay, let me rephrase that. If we all have to sleep at 8 o'clock, why are the
stores open till midnight? Or even later?"

"I don't know."

"Exactly! So, if we do our homework this evening and finish studying tonight.
You can go to bed after and sleep until, let's say 8Am. Then you can go to
school and still have everything done. On top of it, you would have had a nice
evening studying with me. We could even get some ice-cream after."

"That would be nice. I like ice-cream, we weren't allowed to have any."

"So, let's do it then. And I will buy you that ice-cream."

I can't really explain how it felt, or why I kept doing what I was taught when
I was younger. All I can say I had to deprogram myself, there wasn't anyone who
really understood me. All they could do was be sympathetic and help me get
there." Ashley was one of those people, she didn't really understand where I
was coming from, but she was patient and thoughtful. She helped me slowly
deprogram myself and see that I could decide things. She showed me that I could
have fun, next to studying and sleeping.

She even helped me decorate my apartment, I just had the bare minimum I needed
because that's what I was used to. Just the fact that she gave me a photo of
the two of us and that I could place it in my room amazed me. She also gave me
a radio, a simple TV and books. Books about strong women who changed the world,
I learned about Curie, Franklin and Hodgkin and what they had done for science.

At school I learned how things actually worked, how science worked, making me
question the Bible and my beliefs. If there was a God, why did he allow people
to die in such horrible ways? And if it was the work of the devil wasn't God
stronger? I began to see all the contradictions, sending me into a severe
depression. I began to doubt everything and I mean everything. Who was to tell
me what was right or wrong? How could I believe what Ashley was telling me
was even true?

During all of that Ashley kept by my side, she even found someone to help me
through it. Marisha was not a therapist, but she had been raised a Catholic.
Now she called herself an Atheist, she didn't believe that there even was a
God. "If never seen any scientific proof of his existence. So I choose to say
that there is no God until someone can proof to me that he does."

"But the Bible says that he does exist and what the Bible says is the truth.
It's God word."

"That is what I was taught. But thing about it. If I write a book telling
people that I am the next messiah it isn't true now, is it? Even though I have
a book telling you that I am. It has been written, right?"

"I suppose."

"Well, if it is written that I am the next messiah, why am I not?"

"Because it isn't the Bible."

"Okay, but what about the Thora or the Thalmut. Those were written way before
there was a Bible. Are they wrong? And who gets to decide which book is right?"

"Mozes did, when he got the ten commandments?"

"Yet, according to Jewish believes there were twenty commandments. Who decided
to loose the other 10?"

"I don't know."

"That's not the point I'm trying to make. Who decided that the Jewish books are
wrong and the Bible is right? And what about the Qoran? Or the Hindu books? Are
they wrong? They can't all be right, at least one of them has to be wrong. As
there can only be one truth."

"Yes, but the Bible tells it's word of God."

"So does the Qoran. And the Thalmut, I think. So which of the three is it? They
all contradict each other."

I started to cry, this went against all I believed in and was taught. This was
so hard for me to comprehend, but somehow it all made sense what she said. They
couldn't all be the truth, at least one of them had to me wrong. And why
couldn't that one be the book I was always told to be the ultimate truth? Who
had decided that? Some man thousands of years ago. Who said he was even telling
the truth? It all was so confusing to me and I just couldn't cope with it at
that moment.

"Okay, this has to stop for now," Ashley said, "This has gone far enough for
today."

"I am so sorry," Marisha said, "All I do is tell you the truth. I hope you will
see that one day, I truly do. Until then I am willing to be here for you. You
can call me whenever you need me. I will drop everything and come for you. I
promise."

I had it hard for a long time, but slow ever so slow I got out of that mess in
my head. Realizing there was no one to tell me what to do or when to do it but
me did help me a lot. Ashley and Marisha took me everywhere, to a restaurant,
to the movies and to a play. The world opened up when I got my internet
connection, I joined a group of people who had been in the same situation as
me. Talking to people who just understood me, who had been where I had been was
eye opening. Just the fact that I didn't have to explain why I had such
problems was enervating.

I went to the first meeting where I met some *sisters* for the first time. They
told me how they had escaped the compound. When they told me what had happened
to them I got angry, I simply didn't know. "How could you? Your father was an
elder, you were privileged. But that's not your fault, nobody told you. And it
was always hidden. It was my parents who gave me away, it's their fault."

"I am so sorry. I was told it was your choice, that it was the will of God."

"What I didn't understand back then was why you weren't chosen. But now I know,
you were promised to be the first wife. You were chosen to become his wife
officially, in accordance with the law. If you hadn't escaped when you did or
if you had followed all the rules without questioning, you would have learned
the truth after you got married. You would have replaced the first wife and she
would have been one of us. They groomed you or at least they tried to."

"Oh my God, it all makes sense now. My father always told me I was destined for
greater things, that I was special. It all makes sense now."

After that day we met up more often, we even watched the FBI raid together.
Seeing our brothers and sisters that way hurt us all, we felt so sorry for
them. The forbidden barns were filled with weapons, ammunition and even
explosives. We all learned the truth the hard way. Watching my father in
handcuffs, his head lowered to the ground was both hurtful and a moment of
relief. I didn't have to look over my shoulders anymore.

Slowly more details became available. With the more I learned about what
actually went on in there, the more I felt freed from it. I was questioned by
the FBI and released a few days later, I didn't know anything about what had
been going on. All I could do was tell them how I had experienced it, how I was
shielded from reality.

Being in that courtroom, seeing how my mother rejected me made me turn the
page. If she didn't want any contact then why would I?

In my last year of college I had denounced my believes, I no longer considered
myself a Christian. I knew that I no longer had a family, but I also knew I had
a new one. A family I chose and who chose me. Friends who loved me for who I
was and always supported me, who were there for me when I needed them most.
Even though we didn't share blood, Ashley and Marisha became my sisters. Two
women who I trusted most in the whole world.

## Chapter Three
After graduating I lived in that small apartment for a while longer, but I felt
the need to turn the page. A new home would mean a new life to me. By moving I
could leave all I went through behind.:
