# Starting Over
_an erotic tale by TransGirl_

## 1. How it all began
There wasn't a lot to do in the small rural community where I grew up, going
out for ice-cream was one of the highlights during the week. My mother would
take us right after church on Sunday.

My father worked the farm all day while my mother did the rest around the
house. We had a very happy childhood with fishing, swimming in the pond and
riding on the tractor when we were old enough. Because everything was so far
away we learned to drive a car the day we were old enough to do so. Officially
that is, because unofficially we drove an old beat up car around the farm for
years before we actually started our lessons.

And it wasn't that my parents were very strict either, it was quite the
opposite. We went to church on Sunday because that was expected of us, not that
we were particularly religious. Maybe that's one of the reasons my mother
insisted for me to go to college when the time was right.

I got accepted in a good college and chose to have Management and
Administration as my major. I did very well in college and loved being in a
larger town. At first I had to get used to it, it was rather overwhelming
having all these people around. But it was nice that there was more than just
an ice-cream parlor to go to. As with everything you finally get used to your
surroundings and so did this. The strange thing was when I went back home it
all just seemed to be too quiet, too boring, too small.

In the third year I met Josh and we hit it off immediately, he was a law major
and we became instant friends. It took him almost 4 months to ask me out on a
date and it spiraled up from there. Two months before graduation he proposed
and 3 months after we got married. We moved into a small, sometimes leaky
apartment and he got a job at a law firm. To move up on the ladder he had to
get is masters degree and we agreed I was going to work so he could go back to
college.

That was almost 3 years ago and he still has to fulfill his part of the
agreement. His star rose within that firm and now he's hardly home anymore. If
he's not working he's on the golf course or _he's networking_ as he calls it.
The result is the same: he isn't home or doing things with me.

And I don't care about the money, the house or the clothes I'm able to buy
because of his job. I want to start chasing my dream of starting my own
company, the whole reason why I went to college in the first place. Now I just
sit at home, waiting for him to be there. Or I get a call "to make myself
pretty and join him" somewhere. He isn't the same Josh I fell in love with
anymore. He treats me like I'm arm-candy, to come to him at his beck and will.

When I try to talk to him he just says "well, maybe you could spend some time
with the other wives." I don't want to be around them, they are perfectly okay
with just being, going to the spa, the country club, gossiping while they get
their nails or hair done, every day. I'm not like that, I want to be somebody
not just Josh's wife or worse, Josh's girl.

No, I've drawn the line. My suitcases are packed and ready to go. Today I will
give him the choice: me or the job. I will not stand for it any longer. That's
what I thought would happen that day, little did I know it was going to be
totally different than I had imagined it would.

It was around 3 in the afternoon, I was still determined to give Josh my
ultimatum when the doorbell rang. I pressed the button of the intercom and I
heard a female voice say: "State Police, ma'am. Could you let us in?"

"Why?"

"Please, ma'am. Please let us in. Not like this, please ma'am."

I pressed the button to open the gate and a few minutes later my whole world
collapsed. It was like the earth swallowed me whole. All I heard was her saying
"I'm so sorry to inform you --" What happened after is a blur to me, somehow
they managed to get Natalie to come because suddenly she was holding me in her
arms, then as if out of nowhere my parents were there too and Josh's parents
came a little later.

There must have been a funeral but I don't really remember it. I just was in a
daze for weeks, our marriage might have been deteriorating but I still loved him
with every fiber of my being. If I could have traded placed I would have,
that's how much I loved him. The ultimatum I was about to give him was more a
cry for help.

Later Natalie told me his parents asked about the suitcases and that I had
told them I was planning to go on a trip. She also told me they didn't quite
believe me. "But," she said, "they never doubted how much you loved their son."

For the next few weeks I kept being in that daze but it cleared every day a
little more. In his will Josh had left everything to me and with the help of
his father we put it in the bank so I could live of the monthly interest.

"You deserve it," he had said, "I didn't just loose a son that day, I lost a
daughter too." I told him he didn't lose me, but our relationship did water
down the more time deluded it. Us not having children is the main reason we
don't see each other that often anymore.

I lived in that big house on my own for almost six months, every nook, every
crack reminded me of my late husband. Even after removing some of his
belongings from the living room it all was still his, not mine. He had chosen
this house, he had chosen to live where we lived. "Because it's better for us,"
he had said. Ultimately I learned that sentence meant it was better for him.

Then one day I just had had enough, I couldn't stay there any longer. I rented
a nice apartment downtown whilst I sold everything, the house, the furniture,
his car. What I couldn't sell I gave to goodwill. My parents took all the
photos home with them. "You can give them back when I ask for them," I had
said. I was just going to rent that apartment until I found one I could buy,
but in the weeks I stayed there I realized it was the town that reminded me of
him. I remembered wanting to leave after I graduated, but Josh wanted to stay
in the place where all his _brothers_ were. 

Natalie was shocked when I told her I was going to move away, she was a little
devastated but she supported my decision. "I will hate it, but if that's what
you want who am I to stop you." We were friends since the day we met in
freshman year in college and if someone knew all my secrets it was her. I hated
leaving her behind too, but it was something I simply had to do. I had to go.
Live _my_ life. Chase _my_ dreams.

## 2. A new apartment.
For the first few weeks it seemed like I was on a holiday, the weather was
always sunny and warm, I could open the french doors to a balcony overlooking
downtown and I loved the hustle and bustle. Natalie and her husband had helped
me redecorate the apartment, it took quite some time getting that nasty
wallpaper of the walls. Now it was just to my liking and I couldn't help but
feel happy to be were I was.

Sure there were still days I felt sad about losing Josh and there wasn't a day
I didn't think about him or thought what Josh would do, but they had diminished
the more time went by. I was fully content being in that apartment in that town
on my own. It had taken some time to get used to being on my own as I never
really had been on my own. I went from high school to college to being married.
I had never ever really been on my own. And as I said earlier, as with
everything this got normal too.

I was sitting at my dining table looking out at the sky. For the first time in
my new apartment I didn't know what to do. To pass the time a little I went out
to get myself a nice latte at the coffee shop down the street. As I held it in
my hands I didn't want to go straight home as I normally would do. I turned
left instead of right and just started to walk.

I looked at the windows to see what they were selling, took another left and
just kept on walking. I walked through a park and sat down watching the people
sitting in the grass, throwing Frisbee's or a ball, just enjoying watching life
as it happened around me. That's when I realized what was happening to me, life
was happening around me and I still didn't take part in it. It was time to step
up to the plate and take my turn at bat. I needed to really start living again.

As I walked back to my apartment I felt a renewed determination in myself, the
same determination I had felt when I first went to college, the determination
of a young woman who wanted to succeed despite everything that was told to her.
I must have taken a wrong turn somewhere because I was farther away from home
than I thought I was. I giggled and turned around to backtrack my way home.

My eyes fell on a beautiful dress in a window. The shop was called _the Rose_
and I couldn't resist to step in and look around. The clothes were just
mesmerizing and I was totally in love with them. From behind a wall a woman
came into the shop "Oh, hello, welcome to the Rose. My name is Laura. Excuse me
for a moment." My eyes fell on the sign she held in her hand, _Help Wanted_ it
read.

"Sorry," I said, "But that sign says help wanted, doesn't it?"

"Well yes it does, interested?"

"I might be," I said, "I'm rather new to town and kept to myself a little to
settle in you know. But now I'm ready to participate in life again."

"Oh, what happened? If I might ask. See this as the start of the interview."

"Oh, okay right. Well let me then start by saying my name is Lena Davis -- oh
sorry -- Lena Cunningham. My husband passed away almost 8 months ago and I'm
still getting used to use my maiden name again."

"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. So when did you move here?"

"Almost 2 months ago. Somehow I still felt like I was married, like I was
waiting for him to follow me. But today I realized life was happening around me
and it is time I participate. And somehow I went the wrong way and came across
your shop and now you stand there looking for someone to help you."

"If you say it that way it almost looks like destiny."

"It might be, my mother believes in destiny. I'm not so sure about that.
Coincidence, maybe?"

Laura laughed "Level headed girl, I like that. Any shop experience?"

"No not really," I replied, "but I did graduate Management and Administration
with honors. And I'm a quick learner. All I want is to get a chance, it it
doesn't work out fire me."

Laura laughed again "Did they teach you that in business school? Or was it just
negotiating, because you are good at it." She just stared at me for a while
like she was making her mind up and I was getting really anxious. I had never
taken such a risk of disappointment in my life before. "Ah, what the heck," she
said after almost two minutes, "I think I like you and I really could use the
extra pair of hands. So when can you start?"

"Today, it you need me to."

"Nah, I couldn't ask that from you. What about Monday? Let's say Tuesday, let's
say 10:30, we open at 11. And I forgot to ask, mind working on Saturdays?"

"No not really," I replied, "was born on a farm. My daddy worked every day."
The last sentence I spoke with a heavy Southern accent and Laura burst into
laughter. "Now I really know I like you." she said. It felt good taking part of
life again and that day I had made the first step to becoming who I am today. I
just didn't know it at the time.

That Tuesday I arrived at the Rose on time but Laura wasn't there. I waited for
10 minutes and started thinking I had the wrong day when suddenly she came
running up the street. "I am so sorry, so sorry. The car wouldn't start, the
bridge was open, the train was late, my dog ate my homework and all that jazz.
Did I get all the excuses? I did. Good." She opened the door and I giggled as
she was still thinking of excuses why she was a little late.

"It's okay," I said after a while, "It's okay. Really, it is."

"Good, I hate being late. Well, first of all welcome to the Rose. I will be
Laura, your boss and you will be Lena my employee. Now to become my employee
first you have to sign a contract. Because you haven't signed one yet, you are
not my employee and thus we have a little bit of a problem and the reason I was
a little late. That no-good-lawyer husband of mine had forgotten to set one up
and now we have a little bit of a conundrum, don't you think?"

"First of all thank you for your warm welcome to the Rose. I am delighted to be
here to become the aforementioned employee of this establishment. I do see the
problem of not having signed a contract which would make you, Laura, my boss.
Thus I might suggest not calling me the employee quite yet until such a
contract is signed. Might I suggest a compromise?"

Laura's eyes twinkled and said "And what might that compromise be?"

"To not call me and employee until said contract is signed by both parties, but
to call the time until said contract is signed a _getting to know each other_
period before said contract is signed making you, Laura, the boss and me, Lena,
the employee. And might I say this period is without pay, of course."

Laura burst into laughter and said "I can't do this anymore. You are way better
in it than I am. God, it's nice to know someone who just joins in on my
shenanigans. But of course you will be paid and my husband is bringing the
contracts around this afternoon. The rat bellied bastard just forgot. Come
let's get a coffee before we open. I need one."

We got a coffee at the shop next door, Laura showed me how the register worked
and all the rest I needed to do. "Now," she said, "we're getting a new
collection next week, so all of this has to go. Everything is half price. I
made the signs last week and it would be nice for you to place the where you
think they look nice. Place one in the window as well. I need to start with my
paper work."

It didn't take long for the first customers to come in and I sold quite a few
items and every time I ended with "Thank you for shopping at the Rose. And
remember we have an all new collection next week. Hope to see you back then.
Have a great day."

At the end of the day Laura closed and locket the door. "You were simply
amazing! Girl, you are a natural as they say. You sold items to customers I
have a hard time with and nobody said 'oh I'm just looking around' to you. I
don't know what it is, but girl am I happy you walked in the day you did."

I loved working at the Rose, it was a nice way to meet people and I learned it
was quite the name around town. One day I was walking home and had some
left-overs from lunch in one of our bags as I heard a woman say "Oh I love that
place. Do you know it? They are just all so friendly there and they have the
best collections. You have to go there one day, you'll love it." I smiled as I
continued walking.

The weekend Natalie come over for a visit I couldn't not show her the Rose and
after our visit she was quite angry at me: she had spent almost 500 dollars of
her hard earned money in the hour we were there. "But it's all so beautiful,"
she fake cried. I laughed as we walked back to my apartment. We sat down on my
balcony with a cup of coffee, just enjoying the weather.

"I might move her, just for the weather," Natalie said, "but I don't think Todd
will just quit his job and come with me. And who will take care of the kids? I
could just give then to goodwill, maybe they now a nice home for them." I
giggled and she turned to me asking "Are you dating again?"

"No!," I replied, "why would I?"

"I just thought, as you aren't wearing your ring anymore."

I looked down at my hand and it was then I noticed I hadn't put it back on the
other day when I was cleaning the bathroom. I got up and rushed to the room and
to my relief it still was wear I had left it. I walked back to the balcony with
the ring in between my fingers and asked "What should I do?"

Natalie turned over to me standing in the doors. "I thing your subconscious
mind is telling you something. Do you want my professional or my friend
advice?"

"Oh please Nat, no counseling today." Sometimes I hated she was a psychologist,
but it did mean she always had solid advice as a friend.

"Okay, friend advice it is. Put that ring in a box and put it somewhere safe.
It will still have the same meaning to you, but you aren't married anymore.
Josh is dead and you need to live. It's as simple as that."

"But it's hard Nat," I replied, "sometimes I feel like I'm betraying him."

"Who said it was easy? I didn't. I said it was simple, not easy. And I'm sorry
to tell you so bluntly but you did ask for the friend advice and you know how I
am: straight to the point."

That she was and it was one of the things I loved about her, she never beat
around the bush and just said it as she saw it. I stared at the ring and
whispered "I still love you Josh and I always will. But this ring is holding me
back and I need to move. I need to move on with my life. I will always cherish
this ring, but I can't wear it anymore. Thanks Josh, for everything."

I walked back to my bedroom, opened a drawer and got the box the ring had come
in. Somehow I had always kept it. Natalie joined me and watched how I placed
the ring back in it's box and slowly closed the drawer. Now that I knew I
wasn't wearing it anymore the spot on my finger felt naked, but Natalie had
said not to replace it with another one. "That's just substitution and you will
still have the same feelings. You have to go through this to close that chapter
and start an new one. Trust me on this, it's for the best."

It took me some weeks to get used to it and the days I noticed the empty finger
became less and less until I didn't even feel it anymore. Natalie had been
right, I had to go through that process to close a chapter of my life and start
a new one.

It was on a Friday almost at closing time when a woman entered the store. She
walked straight up to me and asked if Laura was in. "I'm sorry she went home
half an hour ago. Can I help you maybe? Oh by the way, I'm Lena and welcome to
the Rose."

"Yah, blah blah." she said, "Okay, well. Tell her Carla came by. I'm her sister
and we were supposed to meet at my place today. But clearly she forgot."

"Oh, you are Carla. I am so sorry. She had quite the day. Her husband is in the
hospital, something with his heart. He's okay now, she just came in to say she
was going home."

"Oh my word," Carla seemed really shocked by what I said, "Is he really okay?
Are you sure?"

"From what she told me, yes."

"I should call her, shouldn't I? Yes, I should call her. Or, what do you think?
Should I?"

"That's not up to me to decide." I replied.

"Oh, I like you. Well, I think I will give her a call then. So nice to meet
you, Lena. Have a good night."

The next day I opened up the shop and right after Laura called "Can you manage
today? I need to go see my husband." I said it would be alright and to go see
her husband. "Oh and did you tell Carla to call me. That's what she told me."

"No I didn't. I told her it wasn't up to me to tell her that."

"That's what I thought. She's a bit of a mess sometimes, but I love her. She is
the proud owner of an _adult entertainment club_, did you know that?"

"No. No I didn't. Wow, really?"

"Yes, if our parents were still alive and all that jazz. She bought the place
from her inheritance. It was a total disaster when she got her hands on it, but
now? Now it is the place to be, it you're into things like that. I went there
once on a Wednesday, the calm day as she called it. Well, it that's the _calm_
day I don't want to be there on the Saturday. Well, I better be going. I might
drop by a little later, just to see how things are going. Bye now and have a
good one."

It was around three in the afternoon when Laura walked in, it was quite busy
but nothing I couldn't handle and as soon as she saw I had it under control she
disappeared in her office. When I walked in she was rummaging through some
paper and I said "Welcome to the Rose, I'm Lena and I've got it under control."

Laura laughed and said "I just remembered I need something to do yesterday.
Would you please post this later? It's on your way home, I think. I really
needs to be there Monday." I told her it wasn't a problem and sat down.

"How's Marc?"

"He's going to be okay. It's just all those tubes and machines, you know. They
said he had a serious heart attack and needs to slow it down. It's so hard
seeing him like that. He's always been my rock and now he just looks so weak,
so sad."

"He needs you to be his rock now," I replied, "be strong for him and for your
kids. I know you can do it and leave the store to me. I can handle it. Just
show me the paperwork that needs to be done and I will do it. Hey, I went to
college for this, remember?"

"Thank you so much, Lena. Are you sure? I mean it's a lot."

"It might take me some time to work my way in, but it shouldn't be a problem."

Laura thanked me again and left. The rest of the day was rather quiet and I
started reading myself in to the paperwork. The standard stuff like EBIDA, ROI
and stuff I knew from school, what I needed to get a grip on was the financials
of the store. But I managed and soon enough I had organized a stack of papers
and had started a new spreadsheet that gave way more insight into the cash flow
of the store.

I spend almost a week organizing, rearranging her archive and in the end what
was a messy office in the back of a small store was way more organized. When I
was done I called in Laura who just had let me be and she was amazed by how it
all was now. I had marked the drawers with what was inside and said "This top
drawer are outstanding bills, you've got some time left to pay them. But this
folder with the red tag need your immediate attention. Now let me show you
this." And I showed her the new spreadsheet I had made and explained to her
what it all meant and how she could update it easily. "All you have to do is to
open the first page and fill in how much you have just paid for let's say this
bill of -- 561.65 dollars. When you press enter everything else will be updated
automatically, including the forecast."

"Wow, amazing. This is what I wanted to have for so long. But those programs
are so expensive and complicated. You made it so easy. I don't know how to
thank you."

"You're so welcome. It was nice to actually use my education for a change. This
was one of the things I always questioned why should those systems be so
complicated. Way to complicated for small companies like the Rose. You don't
use most of it anyways. There are no stockholders, so why have a market rate?"

"You know, you should do something with this. Why don't you develop something
like this? Or find someone who can help you? This is just so good."

"Oh I don't know. I've tailored this to your particular needs. Every shop is
different. So finding a one-stop solution is almost impossible. Trust me, I've
done my research in college when I got this idea."

Laura laughed and said "And I thought I finally had an original idea. I should
have known you already had it years ago. My bad."

"It's okay," I giggled, "I was disappointed at first, but it's just the way it
is and not long after that I met Josh. So my interests changed a bit."

I left the office and Laura stayed behind to look at that spreadsheet some more
and I heard her mumble "Now that's interesting." and "Oh, I didn't know that."
which made me smile. A few minutes later she popped her head out the office and
said "At least let me take you to dinner. I think you just saved me 2000
dollars, at least."

"A raise would be nice too." I replied.

"Don't push it, I still can fire you, you know?"

"Sorry boss."

I heard Laura burst into laughter in the office and I couldn't have had a
better day. A few minutes later she came to the front and said "My Lord am I
glad I hired you. Come on, it's quiet anyway let's close early and go for
dinner. I already called Marc and he's fine with it. He's taking it slow and
has the kids. Or no, let me revise that. Bridget is taking care of him, mind
you she's a doctor. Yes, she is. She went all through kindergarten to
become one and she loves taking care of her grandfather."

I laughed all the way to the restaurant where we had a lovely dinner together,
somehow our conversation ended up at siblings.

"Well, I've got two," I said, "An older brother Tom and a younger sister
Stella. Tom does something with computers and Stella went to medical school,
she's a doctor now."

"What does Tom do with computers?"

"Oh I don't know, he went to MIT and now works for them doing some kind of
development. I all goes over my head."

Laura laughed "That's like saying Einstein did something with numbers."

"Well, he did, didn't he?"

"He sure did."

"So what about Carla?"

"Oh Carla," Laura laughed, "She was a bit of a surprise for my parents. She
almost 15 years younger than I am. They didn't plan it. My mother always called
her _her little surprise_, she refused to call her a mistake. After my father
passed she confessed she had cheated on my father, but he was so happy when
Carla was born so she never told him. At first we both were so angry at her
until she wrote us a letter explaining how it came about. In the letter learned
what she always had kept from us. Their marriage was a heartless one, a
marriage of convenience. Her father had made her marry ours, that was just the
way it was where they were from. Only when they came here my mother learned
that there were other ways. And the both of us realized we were looking at it 
with our western eyes. So we forgave her just before she passed, so she could
go peacefully knowing her daughters were with her."

"Oh that's so sad," I said.

"It is in a way," Laura said, "but there is a silver lining. The whole ordeal
made Carla and I get closer than we had ever been."

"Did you ever track down her real father?"

"Yes we did. But he had passed too, a few years before. We didn't contact his
family, why rip open old wounds? But at least he gave her what she was longing
for her whole life: love. Albeit for only a month or two."

"That's nice. Somehow I love that story."

"Me too." Laura sighed, "but let's talk about nicer things. What's for desert
for instance. I'm dying for some ice cream. You?"

We stayed for almost another hour and outside the restaurant Laura said "Lena,
I mean it when I say I thank the Lord for the day you walked into my life. I
consider you more than just an employee. You're a friend who works for me.
Thank you for being you. Have a good night and I'll see you Tuesday." I walked
back to my apartment with tears in my eyes, tears from happiness.

## 3. Entering the Pit.
It had been almost a year since I moved there and almost two since Josh passed
away. It was time to throw myself out there again. Although it still felt a
little strange to think that way, I was bored of being alone and Natalie had
pushed me to take a chance again. So I was checking the internet for placed to
go and found a few which I might like, but taking that step of actually going?
That was one I just didn't seem to make.

On a Wednesday Laura walked up to me with a jacket in her hand. She put it in a
bag and asked "Oh, could you bring this to Carla. She's at her place and she
really needs this one tonight. It's already paid for."

"Me? Why me?"

"Somehow she asked for you."

I wondered why, but I grabbed my jacket, the bag and went outside. It was
almost a twenty minute walk from the Rose to the Pit. When I arrived I saw the
sign _Adult Entertainment Club_. All the windows replaced by wooden shutters,
giving it all a sinister vibe. I rang the bell and a huge man opened the door.
"Delivery for Carla," I said lifting up the bag I was holding. The man gestured
to come in with his head and I stepped into the darkened hallway. "She's
inside" the man grunted.

I stepped through the doors into an half lit bar. To my left there were 50s
diner style booths with those semi circular seats, straight ahead was a long
bar with stools for about 40 people. I made my way over to the bar when I saw
another room opening up. There were those semi circular benches again, but this
time they were placed all around a lowered dance floor. In white letters _the
Pit_ was written on the darkened wooden floor. "When you're on there you really
are in a pit" I thought.

From behind the bar Carla rose up and saw me. "Ah nice, there you are."

I handed her the bag and said "Here's your jacket." I was still looking around
to take it all in.

"Do you like it?" Carla asked, "It took me a while to get it like this. But
it's finally coming together. Come, follow me."

I followed her behind the bar and we went up a small staircase to her office
above the bar. There she offered me a chair and said "Laura told me about that
spreadsheet you made for her. Now I can run a bar, but I'm not that good with
computers or money. So I thought maybe you could help me out too? I would pay
you of course, like on a consultant basis. What do you think?"

"I'm flattered, but I already work at the Rose. When should I do this?"

"In the evenings? Maybe?"

"In the evenings? When you're open? I found it hard to come here during the
day."

"Why?"

"What would people think?"

"Who cares what people think. I don't. Should I care what people think? I don't
know. I really don't, but maybe I should? Nah, opinions are like ass holes,
everybody got one."

I giggled and thought she might be right on that one, but still. Me? Working in
an _adult entertainment club_? Albeit to do the administration, but still it's
an _adult theatre_.

"Look," Carla said, "You don't have to come in the front door. All our
employees enter through the back. I will give you the code too. And don't worry
it's well lit up and there's a camera. It's not like a dark alley or something
like that. I stand for the safety for my employees as well as my patrons."

I couldn't resist a smile and according to what I saw on her desk she did need
all the help she could get. "When do you need an answer?" I asked her.

"Next week? My taxes are due and I lost all oversight, to be honest. I know
it's all here."

"Don't you have an accountant for that?"

"I couldn't afford one. It's all up to date I promise. It's just the girl who
did this for me got pregnant and now she moved away. I did try to do it myself,
but I don't have the time or any inclination of what I'm doing. I thought if
you helped me organize I could first do my taxes and then go look for an
accountant."

"I'll think about it, but it looks like a lot of work to be honest. This all
kinda works, but -- I don't know. I'll think about it."

"Okay, let me know. Here's my card, it has my number on it. Thank you for
coming."

"You could have just asked me to come over." I said.

"And then not get that fabulous jacket? No way." Carla laughed.

I chuckled and started to like her. "I better be going. Laura will be wondering
where I am."

"Just blame me. I can handle her."

I chuckled again and made my way back to the Rose where Laura immediately asked
what Carla wanted from me. "She wants me to do the same I did for you.
Organize."

"I thought so the moment I told her about it. She had someone do it for her,
but she quit about a year ago. I told her to get someone new, but Carla could
do it she said."

"That explains the mess." I said.

"So, what are you going to do?"

"Well, I was flattered she asked, but I just don't have the time. I'm working
here all day --"

"Sitting home alone all night" Laura interrupted me, "Girl, excuses. Everybody
has excuses. Why not do this for her? Isn't she paying you? If that's the case
I will talk to her. I can handle Carla, trust me."

I laughed and said "That's what she told me about you. _I can handle her_" I
tried to imitate Carla the best I could and Laura chuckled.

"All I'm saying Lena, is you just sit at home in the evenings. This gives you
something to do. To get out there a bit more and it's not like you're
performing there or something. You're doing the paperwork."

"Yes, but what if people see me go in there?"

"So what? I've seen the Chief of Police go in there and he wasn't on duty."

"I don't know," I said, "You really think I should?"

"Why not? At least go to see if you can help her? If not then just say it isn't
for you and that she needs a professional. At least you've given it a chance."

"You know what? I think you're right. I should give this a chance."

I grabbed my phone and called Carla. "Carla? It's me Lena. I think I will do
it. Or at least check if I can even help or if you need another solution. What?
Tonight? Sure, why not? Okay, thank you. See you tonight then, I guess."

"Tonight?" Laura asked.

"Sure, better to get is over with or else I will just worry about it and
cancel."

"Good on you."

I felt really anxious on my way to the Pit and had a knot in my stomach ever
since I had called Carla. She had told me to call her when I was at the
backdoor, she didn't want to give me the code through the phone and it had been
five minutes since I had called her. I looked around anxiously to see if anyone
saw me standing there. Finally the door opened. "I am so sorry, I asked Pete to
open the door and he just didn't do it. I had to tell him you didn't have a
code. He thought you'd forgotten yours. His way to punish you if you do."

The club wasn't open yet, but at least now the lights were all on and it didn't
look that ominous as it did that afternoon. On the contrary, the whole
environment looked warm and welcoming. It was clearly designed to go together,
the furniture, the colors of the walls and floor together with the lighting.

I stepped inside from behind the bar to look around for a bit. Carla followed
me and said "Quit the difference, no?" I just nodded. "You should come down
later when we're open. I'll get you a drink." she continued.

"Come, I'll show you around a little. This is our Pit, the dance floor. If
you're tired or just want to watch you can sit on those benches. They're rather
comfortable. The bar you've seen and this is what we call the quiet area. It's
all been designed so you can still hear the music, but not as loud as it is in
the Pit. The restrooms are over there and you see those doors? To the left of
the Pit? Well, that's the special place. That's where you can retreat to if you
want something more then just dance, if you know what I mean. Because of that
room we need to be an _adult entertainment_ place. But we don't have
performers, we just allow you to go as far as you want. If you want to be
discreet or some privacy you can go there. If you want people to actually see
you, well the benches around the pit are perfect for that. Or the bar is nice
too, trust me I've tried. There is just two areas off limits, the restrooms and
the quiet area. For the rest, go at it boss."

"So what you're saying is this is just another dance club, but with lesser
rules."

"Exactly, but state law demands we use that label. That's all it is. This was a
strip club before, a lousy one at best. When I was going out to all the best
clubs all I heard was people getting kicked out for being _too frisky_. But
it's the nature of the beast so they would get arrested of indecent exposure.
That's when I got the idea and when this came available I bought it. At first I
just had that special room, but as time went on more and more started happening
everywhere. So I changed the rules a bit. And now everybody knows: from
Wednesday to Saturday the rules get loser. This gives everybody a chance to
come here. So tonight we have the most restrictions and it's more like any
other dance hall. Want to make out? You go there." and she pointed to the
special room, "and we allow for more on every following night, culminating on
the Saturday. Only the restrooms and the quiet area stay off limits."

I had so many more questions but Carla had to attend to other things and I just
made my way upstairs feeling a bit relieved the Pit wasn't what I thought it
would be. A few minutes later Carla popped in "I thought you might be here. If
you need anything I'm downstairs. Just tell Pete who you are and he'll give you
anything you want. Just no strong liquor please."

Almost two hours had passed since I started inventorying the paperwork. It was
clear to see when Carla took over. Ever since then the whole thing became a
mess. I made some notes on how the previous girl had categorized everything and
started sorting the papers alone the same route. From downstairs the music was
clearly audible albeit muffled and it was nice to work to it, the beat gave me
sort of a rhythm to work to. At certain moments I caught myself head bobbing a
little.

I looked at the clock and was amazed how long I had been at it and thought it
was time for a short break. I went down the small stairs and opened the door to
the bar. Pete looked over to me and waved "Sorry for earlier, I thought you
were someone else."

"It's okay. Could I have a coke please?"

"A coke? What are you, twelve?"

I giggled and said "A white wine then, please."

Pete laughed and handed me my wine. I stepped from behind the bar and sat down
on the first stool near the end. I watched the people sitting at the bar and
through the gaps I could see people dancing. Carla was busy doing something,
mostly talking to her patrons. She wore a style full corset with a wide skirt
to her knees underneath. It didn't look tacky on her, she wore it with class
and style. One of the other seats at the bar became available and I walked over
to sit down. From there I could see over the dance floor, enjoying seeing
people have fun. Every now and again I saw people retreat into the special
room, but they were just a few.

Carla looked over and when she saw me she excused herself. "So, what do you
think?"

"It's nice, not at all what I expected. But I wouldn't want to be here on
Saturday, I think."

"You sound like my sister. She's never been here on a Saturday, yet she has a
judgment already."

"That might be so, but -- ah I don't know."

"Just wait and see. You don't have to come downstairs, heck I don't even expect
you the be here on a Saturday. I will pay you for the hours you work."

"Reasonable, thank you."

"You're welcome. Are you done for today?"

"I've spent over 2 hours getting a grip of it all and I think I've got it now.
So yes, it might have been enough for one day."

"Good, if you want to dance or get another wine. Feel free. Otherwise you know
the code now and you can come anytime you want. Just make sure I can do my
taxes next month."

"I will do my best." Carla walked off doing whatever she needed to do and I
watched her interact with her guests and noticed she was really good at her
job. I had another glass of wine before I went upstairs to get my stuff to go
home. At that moment I was so happy not to have a 9-to-5 job.

The next morning Laura wanted to know how it was and I told her everything,
even that I liked being there on a Wednesday. Laura chuckled "Yeah, but wait
till you see Saturday."

"Oh, Carla told me you've never been there on a Saturday. So how would you
know?"

Laura's face turned red and I shouted out "You've been there on a Saturday,
haven't you? Be honest."

Laura sighed and said "I was just curious so I went there on a day I knew she
wouldn't be there. So she couldn't rub it in. But yes, I've been there and it
just wasn't my cup of tea. Let's keep it at that."

I laughed and said "Okay, but thank you for being honest."

Laura waved it away with a "Ya, ya. I could still fire you, you know?
Insubordination, that's what this is. Insubordination." I giggled and went to
the back to hang up my coat. The rest of the day went like any other day and on
my way home I decided to take home some take-out.

After I ate, I took a shower, changed into something nice, did my makeup and
hair and went out the door. I didn't know why I had gone through all the effort
just to go do some paperwork, but I was still going to a club. I punched in the
code I had gotten from Carla and was happy to hear the buzzer. I walked up the
stairs, put down my purse and coat before I went downstairs to let Carla know I
was there. Pete handed me a glass of water and I went to work.

Half an hour in the music started, it was clear the club was open. I
concentrated on the paperwork and got a lot of things done, but it would take
me another couple of evenings to organize it all. What I was able to do was
make a start creating a spreadsheet for the Pit. Because this was a bar there
were a whole lot more points to take into account and creating one would be a
bit more difficult than I expected it to be. I was willing to give it a try.

I was so caught up in the work I was startled when Carla appeared next to me.
This time she was wearing a classy, somewhat revealing dress. "Lena? Are you
still here? I thought I check because it's been almost four hours."

"What? Really? That long?" I looked at the clock and Carla was right. "I just
checked and it --"

"Come on. Time for a drink. Come on."

At the bar Carla ordered a white wine for me and I sat down at the bar. I had
to acclimatize for a moment, my head was still in the numbers. As I sat there a
man walked up to me asking me if I wanted to dance. I shrugged him off and he
walked away with his hand on his heart as if he was wounded. I giggled and felt
good about being asked. I finished my wine, went upstairs, noted my times on
the chart and went home.

The next evening I had decided to stay home and watch a movie. I crawled on my
couch, with a blanket over me and started the movie. But halfway through I got
up, changed, did my hair and makeup and thirty minutes later I was in that
office again crunching data. This time I took more notice of the time and after
three hours I went downstairs to the bar and asked Pete for a white wine. He
had already made me one the moment I stepped into the bar.

All the stools at the bar were taken so I anxiously sat down on one of the
benches surrounding the Pit. I watched how people were dancing, close together,
moving sensually to the music. In a booth across from me a couple was making
out, he clearly had his hand up her shirt. Seeing them like that somehow
excited me more than I would have liked to admit.

I turned my attention to the people on the dance floor and took notice of how
the girls were dressed way more sexy than the nights before. Plus the special
room was in more demand too. I giggled softly when I saw the couple from
earlier hastily disappear in there too, I knew what they were about to do in
there and so did everybody else in the bar.

A man sat down next to me and said "Hi, I'm Matt. I don't think I've seen you
here before."

"Hi Matt, I'm Lena. I work here."

"So?"

"Nothing, I just -- heck I don't know why I said that."

Matt chuckled and said "Good answer. Want to dance?"

"No thank you, as I said I work here and I need to get back to it."

"So, what do you do here?"

"The paperwork. I'm an consultant."

"Nice, I'm a mechanic. You know, cars and stuff."

"That's nice. Maybe I'll find you when my car breaks down."

"Oh I get it. Cool. It was nice to meet you Lena."

He walked off and I felt like I had let him down to hard. I hadn't meant it
like that, but it was too late now. I watched the people some more before I got
upstairs again to collect my belongings, update my sheet to go home.

That Saturday I didn't go. First of all I was just too tired and second of all
I was a bit afraid to go. It actually would take me a couple of weeks or even
months before I went there on a Saturday. For that to happen I had to change,
to be more open minded, to be more -- me.

## 4. Becoming me.
During the weeks I worked for Clara we had become good friends. What started
out with the occasional coffee ended up with coming to each others houses, the
fact I lived downtown seriously contributed to that.

"I wish I could convince Darren to move back here," Clara once said when she
sat on my balcony enjoying the view and the sun, "I hate the suburbs."
Everybody who met Clara for the first time, including me, would not have
expected her to be a _normal_ soccer mom during the day, but she was a proud
mother of two. "But I guess he's right," she sighed, "it's better for the
kids."

For me it was nice to have a good friend close by as Natalie lived almost a
thousand miles away. It just felt nice to know somebody could be with you
within minutes instead of hours. This by no means meant Carla took Natalie's
place, not by a long shot. Nobody knew me better than Natalie did, or at least
that's what I thought at the moment.

It had been months since I finished organizing Carla's administration and had
given her the new spreadsheet. Carla had, on my advice, contracted an
accountant and it was one of the best things she had ever done, or that's what
Carla said it had been. "He even said it was rare to see something that
organized," Carla laughed, "he even gave me a complement." I took that as a
complement too and felt happy it had gone so well.

Because my work at the Pit was done, I didn't go that often anymore. First it
was once a week, but now I hardly went there at all. I didn't feel the need to
go and felt perfectly okay just being home. It were the words Laura said to me
during that period that struck a cord with me. When she asked me what I was
doing that evening and I replied with 'watching a movie', she said "But you
were so lively when you did that job for Carla. It was like you actually
started living again, enjoying yourself. I really thought you had found a happy
place. But now, I don't know. The sadness has returned. I can see it on your
face."

Did she mean the Pit was my happy place? Or maybe just being out there? I felt
confused and didn't know what I should think, but she was right on one point.
The sadness had returned and once more I had given into it. It was just so
difficult not to feel guilty, not to feel like I was cheating. I opened the
drawer where I had kept Josh's photo and sat down on the bed looking at his
face. Tears came to my eyes and I said "Josh, please. Let me know. I just can't
seem to move on. There's always this feeling I just can't seem to shake. I
really need to know, are you okay with me moving on?"

I felt a warm breeze on my skin and automatically checked if there were any
windows open, there weren't. Even the air conditioning was off and again I felt
that breeze, this time on the other side of my face. It gave me a feeling of
remorse of unconditional love. "Josh?" I whispered, "Is that you?" Again that
breeze. "Oh Josh," I cried, "I love you so much, but I can't be going on like
this. Is it okay for me to move on? To find someone new?" Again that breeze but
it lasted just a little bit longer this time and just felt like love, no
remorse, no regret. Just love.

It was like a veil was lifted from my heart, that breeze had lifted it up and I
could feel that veil drifting away on that breeze. It also felt like a
_goodbye and see you soon_. Tears rolled over my cheeks as I said "Goodbye
Josh, thank you for being in my life and thank you for letting me go. I love
you and I always will."

The following morning it really felt like everything was brighter, the colors
more vibrant. Josh's photo was on my nightstand, but it didn't feel restricting
anymore. He was just part of my past, someone I loved and cherished. The pain
was still there, but no longer overwhelming. I picked it up an put it back on
that table in the corner of my living room. I smiled, turned around and made me
some breakfast.

I went to work and even Laura noticed a difference. "You look different. You
have a glow. I can't quite put my finger on it. But something is different."
she said as she stepped into her office. A few seconds later she walked back
into the front and asked "Did you have sex?"

I chuckled and said "No, I did not have sex."

"When was the last time you had sex?"

"Oh gosh, I can't even remember."

"That long? Girl, you should do something about that. But tell me, what
happened? Met someone, someone nice?"

"No, it's just. Never mind. I can't explain and you might think I'm stupid."

"Come on now," Laura said, "that hurt. I won't laugh, I promise."

I turned to Laura and looked her in the eyes. I told her about what happened
last night and how it felt like Josh had let me go, about how everything felt
different now. "And don't give me that psycho analyses crap, I can get that
from Natalie and at least she's a professional."

Laura was quiet for a moment and just said "No, and I won't even deny it in any
other way either. You just had a very beautiful moment with your late husband,
a final goodbye so to say. I think it's beautiful and you should cherish it."

"Ahw," I said, "there is a heart in the cowardly lion after all."

Laura stood up and said "That's what you get for being soft, a punch. Right in
the gut." I giggled and hugged her. "Thank you."

"For what?"

"For being you, for letting me into your life."

Laura hugged me a little harder and said "You're so welcome sweetie. I love
you, just can't help it." She pushed me away and said "And if you ever tell
Carla that I will deny it, you hear."

I chuckled again and said "I love you too, Laura. I mean it."

"You know what? It looks like it's going to be a quiet day and I need to do the
paperwork again. Just close up for today and take the day off. I can do the
paperwork at home. Go! Have some fun. It's a beautiful day."

I got my coat and purse, after asking if she was sure I stepped out of the
Rose, into the warmth of the sun. On my walk home I decided I wanted to do
something besides sitting in my apartment. As soon as I got home I checked my
wardrobe to look for a dress I wanted to wear, but just couldn't quite find
what I was looking for so I grabbed my purse, got in my car and drove to the
big mall on the outskirts of town.

As I was browsing and trying some of them on, they just didn't seem to fit what
I was feeling. As struck by lightning I saw it in a window of another store, it
was exactly what I wanted. A plunge Bardot bodycon mini dress, the one where
your shoulders are visible. I tried one on and it was just perfect, exactly
what I was searching for. On my way to checkout I came across a very nice pair
of 8 inch high heels with a thick sole. I had never owned heels like that and
always wanted a pair, but never had the guts to actually buy them.

I tried a pair and despite the height they were rather comfortable. On a whim I
thought "Ah heck, who cares?". At the checkout the girl said "You might want to
try these with those shoes. You just stick them in and they will give just that
little extra support." She pointed at a bag with silicone pads to put in the
front of your shoes so the ball of your foot rested on them. They were just
1.99 so I got two of them too. "Just in case of an emergency," I smiled.

Another 30 minutes later I was home again and admiring my new dress in the
mirror as I held it in front of me. I looked outside and thought "Why not?"

I put the new dress on, with my new heels. Without the pads at first. Just to
check the difference and with the pads in them they were way more comfortable.
I sat down and stuck them in for real this time. All you had to do was remove
the protection on the back to reveal the sticky stuff and press them in. "Just
stand on them for 30 seconds or more. Just don't move." it said on the back of
the bag.

So I stood there for a hot minute, in my new, rather sexy dress and the heels
on my feet. After time had passed I went over to my vanity and did my makeup, a
little thicker this time. Brushed my hair and put a ribbon in. I completed my
look with some large earrings. I pulled the short sleeves a little lower, got
my purse and just stepped out the door. As I passed the lobby one of my
neighbors checked me out and I could not resist a smile.

The sun came over me like a warm blanket and I smiled as I stepped into the
world as the new me. The me that welcomed the world back into her life. My
heels made my hips sway just that little more, my bra-less breasts bounced with
every step I made. The latter being something that would have made me
uncomfortable just days before. Now I just didn't care, heck I might even have
made them bounce on purpose by adding a little jump to my gate.

As I walked by I could feel the men looking at me, I just could feel their
stare at my heaving bosom. I might have even stopped to look at my phone as it
I was looking for directions when a group of men dog whistled. It made me feel
good inside to know men could still be interested in me. I might even have
become a little bit aroused.

When I stood still at a crossing light a man put his hand on my ass and to my
own amazement I acted like it didn't matter. Not even when he squeezed it a
little, as the light turned green I just started walking again, covering my
slight smile. It did feel a little uncomfortable when it felt like he was
following me and in an effort to lose him I dove into a lingerie store filled
with women. I sighed relieve when I saw him pass by. To make sure he was gone I
browsed the store a little looking at some sets. My eyes fell on a translucent
dress on a mannequin, the store had put a black set of lingerie underneath and
just looked so sexy. "I would never wear such a thing," I thought and browsed
some more before I left the store.

I looked around if that man was still there and just backtracked a couple of
blocks before I was sure he wasn't anywhere to be found. I sat down at a
coffee shop and ordered a latte and could feel some men staring at me. I arched
my back just a little more and acted like I hadn't noticed them staring at me.
I couldn't believe how much I liked it. I had never been one who liked being
the center of attention, but somehow this had awakened something inside me.
Something I didn't know I had in me.

After another 30 or 40 minutes I went back home and as I sat down I kicked off
my shoes to rub my feet. They clearly weren't used to it, but I wanted to wear
them more. I even started to look online for more heels I wanted to buy.
That's when I came across a site selling all kinds if extreme heels. From boots
to pumps, they all were just so beautiful. I bookmarked the site an kept on
browsing.

One site gave all kinds of tips on how to make them as comfortable as possible
as well as what to look for. I stayed on that site for just a little bit
longer and discovered they offered a community of women with a liking to
wearing heels. I clicked on the link and read they offered a small section to
the public. "There's more if you register. It's free so why don't you join?"

I giggled a little and thought hard whether I should do it. "Ah heck" and I
clicked on the join button. A new page opened up.

_Silvia's List offers a safe haven for women exploring their sexuality. What
started out as a community of heel loving females grew to be much more than
just that. To make sure only women apply we will ask for confirmation and one
of our admins will validate your application. This is just to make sure only
females or trans-women are joining our community._

I clicked on the link explaining how that verification would take place and
read that I would be asked to upload a picture of me holding up a newspaper or
a phone showing a news app so they could verify the picture was taken that day.
"Oh my" I thought, "I don't have a second phone." Registering an account was
not doable so I just checked the threads that were available to me.

Basically they were just tips on dresses, shoes, makeup and all kinds of things
interesting to women. There was just one that stuck to me. "Hi, I'm not sure on
what to do. My partner passed away a year ago and I still feel guilty wanting
someone new in my life. What should I do? I really like him, but just can't
shake this guilt." There were loads of reactions, some of them blocked because
of the language used, but most of them so supportive, so understanding. It
struck a cord inside me and I just had to close the site.

That evening I couldn't stop thinking about it though, as well as all day the
next day. On my way home I got myself a newspaper, took a selfie holding the
paper up (making sure the date was visible), uploaded it to my laptop and
registered an account at that site. It only took a few minutes for my
application to be verified and I received an e-mail stating my account had been
activated.

As soon as I logged in for the first time I was greeted by an automated message
welcoming me to the community and telling me how the site worked. They also
asked to update my profile before I continued. "To make sure you know. We
deleted the verification photo the moment we didn't need it anymore." it ended
with.

I opened my profile, chose a funny avatar and the rest was fine as I didn't
want to reveal much of my identity. Another message arrived "Please make sure
you post something in the _Introductions_ thread. We will open up the site
after you have posted a message there." it read.

"Hi, I came across this site by accident and didn't want to register until I
read a post of someone feeling guilty about meeting someone new after their
partner had passed. This struck a cord with me as I am in that same situation,
or at least I was till recently. I can't explain it, but it feels like he has
finally let me go and I can move on with my life. I do not know what to expect
from joining, so I won't hold up any. I just hope I'm welcome here. Thanks for
reading. Bye"

After posting a whole load of topics and threads opened up and I spent hours
lurking and reading some of them. They ranged from the mundane to the extreme
of women talking about their sexual escapades. One women even talked about how
she became a high-end escort in college and how she didn't want to stop now she
had graduated. I noticed most people were open and honest because it was just
text and nobody used their real names. When I realized this it became more safe
for me too. My original post had gotten some reactions, most of them were just
welcoming me to the community and some were more elaborate messages of support.

When I looked at the clock I gasped, it was way midnight already and I had
spent more time on the site than I had wanted to. I logged off and went to bed.

The next day I was preoccupied all day thinking about the site and what people
had talked about on there. Even Laura noticed I was somewhere else in my head,
but I managed to get through the day and in the end we had a good one. On my
way home I got some take-out and sat down at my table eating while I browsed
the site some more. In a thread called _Talk about your day_ I posted
everything that had happened the day before, including the man putting his hand
on my ass.

_I know I should have been offended and slap him or something. But I don't
know, something inside me kept me from doing so. It just felt good to be
touched again, I guess. It did get creepy when he started following me around,
but I got rid of him by walking into a lingerie store. But is this wrong?
Should I have been offended? Or should I feel guilty? I am so confused because
I really liked the attention I got._

Within seconds someone replied.

_Girl, I would have slapped that guy in the face. You don't touch me if I don't
ask you to. But I can understand why you did so, it looks like you've deprived
yourself for a long time. Now I don't speak ill about you, no way. Everybody
deals with loss in their own way. Maybe you should explore this a little more,
find your boundaries. But know this, as long as it makes you feel good, who
cares what anybody else says._

Another one said.

_Just do what you want to. If you don't mind some stranger touching you, just
let him. But be careful some see this as an invitation to do something more
than just touch. You were right hiding in that store. As I said just be careful
and maybe you shouldn't let them touch you in public like that. Maybe there's
a safe space you can go to. Just saying._

I replied.

_You are right. I shouldn't allow this in public. It just felt good at the
moment. All I know I want more of this. I've never been like this, I always was
a little reserved. In college I was a little envious of the girls who just
could let go. My room mate for instance, she had sex with loads of guys while
we were there. I just had one and I married him. I don't know, maybe it's
something inside me that needs to come out. Maybe it's time I start exploring
too._

Then came the answer I was searching for somehow.

_Okay, I wasn't going to answer this, but now I feel I have to. I was one of
those college girls you mentioned. And now I wish I hadn't been. Sure I can
blow it of with the I-was-young argument, but sometimes it just bites me in
the ass. All I wanted to say is this, and take it from someone who knows,
exploring your sexuality doesn't mean you have to sleep with every man you
meet. You don't have to sleep with any of then at all. Exploring means trying
out clothes to find out what you like to wear. Trying out lingerie, shoes,
necklaces anything that makes you feel good. It also means getting yourself
some toys and exploring your body. Do you like pain? Being tickled? Big or
small men? Being tied up? You name it. That kind of exploration you can do in
the comforts of your own bedroom. Maybe you could even ask someone you trust to
help you. But just take it slow, step by step. Do not do what I did until you
are sure you want it. Because, as I said, I regret it._

I thanked the last one for her kind words and her encouragement. I also
apologized if I had offended her, because that was the last I wanted to do. She
responded that she wasn't offended and said "Just let us know what you do.
That's what this thread is for. It's a place where you can speak openly about
your experiences."

I had to admit I did feel a bit relieved now that I had told someone about what
I felt, even though it was on an anonymous website. It just felt more
comfortable to me then saying it to someones face. I closed the site and
thought about what the last woman had said about exploring my body in the
safety of my own home. To look for the things I liked or disliked, because to
be honest I didn't have a clue. I had been with only one men in my entire life
and as I had said on the site, I had married him.

A look at the clock informed me it was almost 2 in the morning. Time had flown
by again. Time to go to sleep and just let it all sink in.

I started to spend more and more time on the site. I even went on there at work
the moment it as quiet and Laura wasn't there. There were just a few I
befriended through the site so we could send each other messages outside of the
forum itself. Even though I had never met them or knew what they looked like
they became friends and therefor important to me.

One day I posted.

_Hi, I've finally done it. I've ordered some toys through the internet and
today they arrived. Now I own a couple of dildos in all shapes and sizes and
when I tried them they did make me feel good but even though they satisfied me
I felt like there is something missing. I have no idea what it could be. Maybe
I try some of those clamps. I don't know. Any ideas?_

Someone answered I should try the clamps, another said to try different toys.
There was one who said to record myself.

_All of the above are good ideas. But why not start recording yourself. I tried
lots of things, but found out I like being watched. That gets me off. So now I
stream myself having sex on the internet. And I get some money for it too. It's
a win win situation._

Somehow she struck the right cord. It was like lightening struck me, that was
it. The reason I liked walking down the street in that dress was because I was
being watched! Could it be as simple as that?

I got my phone from the charger and went back into my bedroom I opened up the
camera app, switched to the front-camera and placed it so my bed was visible. I
sat down on it to make sure I was in view. I grabbed a shirt and a skirt from
my wardrobe and I put them on. I didn't really care how I looked nobody was
going to see this anyway.

I started the recording and knelt down on the bed. Seeing myself and that red
dot on my phone excited me and slowly I placed my hands on my breasts. I tried
to look sensual and just touched myself all over. I leaned forward on my hands
and knees and shook my body so my breasts swayed from side to side. Then I rose
up and slowly lifted up my shirt. Revealing my breasts turned me on and I knew
I loved recording myself. I picked up the phone and went into the living room
all the time making sure my breasts were visible.

I placed the phone on my table and took a few steps back. I bent over and
slowly lifted up my skirt, as it was all the way up I spread my ass with my
hands revealing my now wet pussy to the camera. I got a chair and sat down on
it and spread my legs once more, started rubbing my clit until I came. I had
never come that hard in my life and for the first time I squirted a little.

I giggled, looked into the camera and said "Oops, that was the first time I did
something like that. Hope you liked it. Bye now." I stopped the recording and
cleaned up the mess I had made.

For the next couple of evenings I repeated what I had done that night and
pretended to be visible to people. I started saying things "Oh, you like that
huh?" or "O yes, if you were here I would suck that dick so hard." I recorded
myself every time I pleasured myself and I pleasured myself all over my
apartment. To make it feel more real I bought I good camera, a tripod and a
thing they called a ring light. I ordered some more toys through the internet
and decided to make use of the guestroom to make my little videos.

The top of my dresser was filled with all kinds of toys from vibrators to
dildos, from clamps to whips and even a mask with blindfold and gag. But even
though I had fun doing what I was doing I was still missing an element, the
element of someone really watching. Just recording myself without showing them
to anyone wasn't enough anymore.

And talking to the people on the site was still helpful and satisfying, but it
also lacked something. I knew I had to open up to someone close to me, someone
I trusted.

## 5. Revelation
I was anxious ever since I had asked her to come over. And that was last night.
"I need to talk to someone," I had said, "Would you mind coming over tomorrow?
I really need to talk."

Now she was here, sitting on my couch wondering about what I had to say. But if
there was someone who could understand and who I trusted, it had to be Carla. I
sat down across from her after I had given her something to drink and I just
couldn't find the words.

"Well?" she said, "Tell me. I've been dying ever since you called."

"Okay, this isn't easy for me. I've never said this to anyone. Not even
Natalie, mostly because I didn't know. Um, well it's like -- well --"

I started telling her about that day I bought the dress and the heels and how
they made me feel when I went outside. I told her about the man touching my ass
and everything about the site, up until the point I started recording myself.

Carla was quiet for a moment and said "And here I was thinking I had done
something wrong or that you didn't want to be friends anymore. Girl --"

"That's not all" I interrupted her, "one girl on the site told me how she loved
being watched, how she started recording herself and now she streams it on the
internet. Well I --"

"Don't say you are streaming, please."

"No, but I am recording myself. And I love doing it. I love it so much I bought
a camera and stuff. I've been doing it for a couple of weeks now, every night.
And I pretend there's someone with me who's watching me."

Carla was quiet and I continued "But there's a thing I really want to try.
Something I need to experience. I want someone to tie me up, to bind me so I
can't move. I've got a mask with a blindfold and gag. I want to be bound and
left alone for a while. But I need someone I can trust." I looked up at Carla.

She just shouted "Me? You want me to tie you up?"

My face turned red and I just nodded.

"Me? Lena, are you sure?"

I nodded again and said "Yes, and I need to be naked too."

"And you want that today?"

I nodded again not saying anything, I felt so ashamed for even asking.

"Well, if that's what you want. Let's do this then."

My eyes lit up and I stared at her "Really? You don't think strangely about
this? About me?"

"Why should I? I love you opened up to me. And I'm even more flattered you
trusted me enough to ask me. I am so proud of you."

I hugged her and thanked her. When we got into the bedroom she gasped at the
toys I had collected. She looked at them all and said "And I thought I had a
few."

I sat down on the bed and said how I wanted it to go. Carla agreed and said
"Okay, before we do this. I need to know where your keys are." I pointed to
them on the nightstand next to the bed. "The one more thing. If I ever see this
on the internet you and I are going to have a problem." I nodded.

Carla started the camera and pointed it at me. I slowly undressed myself and
the extra bonus of someone physically being in the room added so much more.
Carla followed me with the camera and watched me how I undressed and how I
bound my feet together with a rope. I put on the mask and placed the gag where
it belonged, clicking them tight to the mask. Then I nodded and Carla stepped
up to me, but instead of just tying me up she moved her hands over my naked
body and feeling her touch me almost made me come.

She proceeded to tie my arms behind my back and it was clear to me she had done
this before. She laid me on my side and bound my arms to the ropes on my feet.
She moved close to my face and clicked the blindfold to the mask. All went dark
and I only could hear her move. I heard how she got the camera from the tripod
and I knew she was taking close ups. Suddenly a sharp pain went through my body
as Carla placed one of the clamps on my nipple, then there was another sharp
pain coming from the other.

"Having fun?" I heard her whisper, "Okay then. This is what you wanted right?
Well now you have it. Have fun." I heard her turnoff the camera, then I heard
the door shut and some moments later the front door opened and shut. Carla had
left me like this, this was more than I bargained for and I tried so hard to
come free. To no avail, I had to endure this.

I have no idea how long it was, but it seemed like ages before I hear my front
door open and a few minutes later I could feel someone close to me. "Oh, what
do we have here? A nice surprise." It was Laura! "Someone has made me a
present. Lets unpack now shall we? Ever so slowly Laura undid the knots and I
felt relieved I could change posture for a moment. Laura gently went over my
body with her hands, sending shots of pain when she wiggled the nipple clamps.

She took the ropes from my legs and massaged the spots where they had been,
slowly making her way up my legs. Softly she touched my clit and I moaned the
best I could with the gag still in my mouth. "Oh someone likes it being
touched," she said. She then untied my arms and said "No, no, no." when I tried
to take of my mask. "My present doesn't get to choose. My present will call me
Mistress, won't she? My present will do as I ask, won't she? Because my present
knows how much I can hurt her if she doesn't, now does she?" I nodded and Laura
pulled one of the clamps on my nipple, the pain made me scream.

"Now, that's not a good present. A good present is quiet, a good present
doesn't scream, a good present takes the pain." She pulled it again and I did
my best not to scream. "Now that's much better. Does my present understand?
Yes? Okay, I will remove the gag now, but before I do I'm speaking to Lena now.
Understand? Okay. Think of a word you hardly ever use and when I remove that
gag that's the only word you say. From that moment onward it will be your
safe word. I will stop whenever you say that word, understand?" I nodded again.

"Now think of a word and nod if you have one." I thought hard about a word and
nodded. Laura removed the gag and I stuttered "Molasses". "Molasses? That's a
good word. Now, what does my present call me?"

"Mistress"

"Good present. Now the last thing I need to tell you. I will let you know when
it is over. I will say that I'm speaking to Lena and I will tell her the game
is over. Understand? Until I talk to her you are my present and you will do and
say as I ask. If you do not I will punish you. Do you understand? Or is it you
like pain? Do you like pain, my little present?" I nodded slightly. "Oh you do
now?" With one move she ripped off one of the clamps and I almost screamed but
I held it in.

"Oh good, my present is learning." and she ripped the other one off. Then she
proceeded to kiss my nipples, licking them with her tongue. Feeling the
softness after the pain made it way more intense. "Oh no, my present isn't
allowed to come until I say so. You have to ask for permission to come. Does my
present understand?" I nodded and said "Yes Mistress."

"Good, now I will take off that mask. You will make yourself presentable and
then you will follow me. Do you understand?"

"Yes Mistress."

"Good and hurry up. I don't like to wait."

I got dressed and after a short "That'll do." We went out the door. We stopped
at some windows and Laura asked "Oh I like that, do you?" I whispered "Yes
Mistress." "I didn't quite hear you? What did you say? "Yes Mistress," I
repeated out loud. And we continued walking. After a few blocks I knew where we
were going. Laura stopped and punched in the code and with that we stepped into
the Pit.

But we didn't go to the bar or the dance floor. No, Laura opened the door to
the basement and we walked down the stairs. There was a soft light burning and
as we stepped into that light I saw Carla sitting there, on her knees, arms
behind her back totally naked. Laura said "She was my first present and now she
gave me you. Now I have two presents." With that she took off my dress and made
me copy Carla's pose. Laura corrected me in places and said "This is how you
sit when you are waiting for instructions. This is how you present yourself.
Understand?" "Yes Mistress" sounded from the both of us.

"Good, now we've got an understanding I thing it's been good for one day. I am
speaking to Carla and Lena, the game is over for today. Please come back to
me."

I wasn't quite sure but I saw Carla rise up saying "God, that was intense.
Thank you Laura." I got up too and Laura walked up to me "If you don't want
this, tell me now and we will never do this again."

"I'm not sure. But I would like to explore it a little further."

"Okay."

Carla looked at me and said "I knew you were hiding something, but wow you have
an amazing body." I thanked her and said I liked hers too. Carla took a few
steps closer and said "Do you mean that?" I nodded and felt something coming
over me. Before I knew it Carla and I kissed. 
