# Chapter One
It had been months since I moved to Fort Dix to attend college. I had finally
gotten into a routine of going to school, work and still have time to study. My
parents weren't thrilled with me moving this far away, but Kingston was in Fort
Dix and the best college in the country. Because I was a late admission I
couldn't get a room in the dorms anymore, luckily enough the daughter of one
of my father's friends moved out of her apartment and they offered it to me.

My parents were on the lease and I would pay half of the rent to them each
month, but at least I had an apartment close to school. Not that it was a big
apartment, just a one-bedroom one but it was mine and mine alone.

During these months I had made some new friends, but they weren't really what I
was looking for somehow. I never felt secure enough to really open up to them
and the longer it lasted the more we grew apart until we hardly ever saw each
other anymore.

It was on a Saturday night, while I was sitting on my couch listening to the
partying going on outside, when I decided to make a change. I decided not to
limit myself to people from school anymore. There had to be people out there
who would be more my kind of people. Just some friends who would like me for
who I really was, with all my quirks and insecurities.

Now I have to explain that even at home I didn't have any real friends, just
people who I hung out with. Demonstrated by the fact that when I was in the
hospital for three weeks not one of them came to visit. When I got back to
school and told them I had been sick they all said "Oh, I thought you were on a
holiday." A holiday no less.

The next morning I got up early, it was such a beautiful day I wanted to go
outside for a while. Around nine in the morning I got in my car and drove
towards the beach where I strolled the promenade looking at the people working
out or walking their dogs. The early morning sun already felt hot on my skin
and one of the girls who was working out asked if she could apply some sun
screen. I smiled and allowed her. "You have to take care of your skin," she
said, "skin cancer is no joke. Trust me, I'm a nurse."

I could believe it. She didn't look like a nurse with her long blonde hair,
perfect make-up and, let's just call it what it is, very big boobs. She wore a
tight outfit showing all her curves. She looked so confident, strong and yet so
feminine at the same time. I was struck by her appearance. She noticed that I
was staring at her and said "What? Don't believe me?"

"Oh no, I believe you," I replied, "I just can't get over how beautiful you
are."

She blushed "Aw, thanks. Just some surgery that's all."

"Surgery?"

"Oh yes, I had my nose done, some liposuction and did you really thing these
girls are real?" She chuckled. Her openness about having had surgery and her
willingness to talk about it struck me even more. She looked at me and said
"What? Did I say something wrong?"

I shook my head and said "No, not at all. I just hadn't thought about it that
way. I always thought plastic surgery was taboo, for people who are vein and
stuff. You are totally the opposite."

"Thanks again," she said with a smile, "what's your name?"

"Laura, my name is Laura."

"Hi Laura, I'm Ashley. Pleased to meet you. Come let's get out of the sun. Want
a tea or something?"

I just nodded and we sat down in one of the many coffee shops there. We sat a
little more to the back and Ashley asked me "So, what do you do?"

"I'm a student, Kingston."

"Ah, Kingston," Ashley responded, "that's a good school. What are you
studying?"

"Law," I replied, "Law school, I want to be a lawyer."

"Why else would you go to law school for?" Ashley chuckled.

I started to really like her and we talked for about an hour or so. She told me
how she came to Fort Dix to become an actress and how she fell in love with
nursing when she worked at the hospital in between acting jobs. "That's when I
decided to go to nursing school, the rest is history," she said, "I've never
looked back. Nursing gave me everything I ever needed. Don't get me wrong I
still do the odd advertisement or photo shoot, but it's more a hobby now. I do
that because it's fun, I work in the hospital because that is what I love."

When it was time for me to go she reached for my hand and placed a card in it.
"That's my number," she said, "if you ever want to talk or maybe even meet
again, just call me." Her smile was warm and inviting. I looked at the card,
_Ashgar Agency_ was printed on it in some beautiful font.

"Ashgar?" I asked.

"Oh, yeah. Ashley Garyn hence AshGar. Garyn is my middle name. People always
ask me about it."

"And it's an agency?"

"Yes, when people ask me for a shoot or an ad they call that number. It's my
cellphone, it's an agency with one boss, one employee and one model: me. It's
just for tax purposes, boring business stuff."

"Ah, thanks. Maybe I will call you, thanks for the tea. I had a lovely time."

"So did I. I'm glad we met and I would love to see you again one day. As I
said, just call me."

I nodded and walked away. On my way over to the car I really thought about all
she had said and how kind she had been to me. For the first time I felt like
this could go somewhere, I was so happy I decided to go to the beach that
morning. Sitting in the car I just stared at the card, reached for my phone in
my purse and put it back again. Looked outside at the promenade, trying to
decide what I wanted to do, threw all caution in the wind and got out again.

A few minutes later Ashley was back to exercising. I cleared my throat and said
"Ashley? Can we talk?" She looked up and smiled. "I knew you would be back,
just didn't think it would be so soon," she chuckled, "sure, what's on your
mind?"

I looked around at all the other people there, something Ashley noticed and she
took me to a more secluded spot out of the sun and away from all the people. We
sat down at a picnic table, each on a side. I played with my fingers, cleared
my throat once more and said "I don't know why or how, but it seems to me like
I can trust you somehow. I've been struggling lately and I have no one to turn
to. My parents wouldn't understand and I don't really have any friends. It's so
hard for me to make friends, I always am so afraid they will hurt me. So I keep
them at arms length, don't let them get too close."

"Ah, that's a good thing if you don't want to get hurt," Ashley said, "but also
very lonely."

I looked at her, she understood where I was going without me having to say it.
"Yes," I replied, "yes. Somehow you feel different to me, I can't explain it.
But it's almost like I've known you for a long time."

"I feel the same way," Ashley said, "the moment I saw you I knew I had to talk
to you. I see myself in you, I was a shy girl too. Had no confidence
whatsoever. Then I started working on myself and see where I am now. I am a
nurse, a model and above all I am happy."

"That's what I want too," I replied, "I just don't know how."

"Well, I can teach you. It's something I've been thinking about for a while
now, taking someone under my wings and help that person grow and blossom."

I looked at her, hope was born inside me. A spark had lit the smallest flame
and it was on me not to let it go out. Ashley looked at me and said "Yes, I
will help you. No need to ask. I will help you."

That's how we met. The rest of the day we spent together just talking about
everything. I told her how I was bullied all during middle and high school, how
my parents help only had made it worse for me. "I know they did their best to
help me," I said almost crying, "and I love them for it, but they just did all
the wrong things. They always retaliated against me. That's when I started
pushing people away, I never learned to trust people other than my family and
even they don't know everything. I've told you more than I ever did them."

"That's normal," Ashley said, "Do you think my parents know everything about
me? Hell no. Somethings you share with friends, other things with family. I
have one best friend, she knows everything about me. Come to think of it, her
daughter might be someone you would like to meet. Marisha is kind and a bit of
a nerd too, yeah I think you might really like her."

I smiled and said "I don't think I am ready for that. It was very frightening
getting back out of my car again this morning. I've thought about leaving
multiple times when I walked back."

"But you didn't. You kept on walking, one step at a time. That's how you get
there with everything, including this. One step at a time."

After that day we talked a few times on the phone until we met once more at the
same coffee shop where we first talked. Ashley was wearing a nice feminine suit
and she just looked so radiant with her simple, soft makeup and her hair in a
nice bun. My heart skipped a beat when I saw another girl sitting at her table,
her long red hair covered her face.

"Laura!", Ashley shouted and waved for me to get closer. The girl now looked up
and she smiled too. As a approached the girl got up "Hi, I'm Marisha. Pleased
to meet you, Ashley told me all about you. I just wanted to meet you."

I nodded and said softly "Nice to meet you too."

We had a nice brunch together and it didn't take long for me to feel
comfortable being there. Marisha had the same warm, open attitude as Ashley and
it didn't take her long to make me laugh. Now the ice had been broken Ashley
took us to the mall where we spent time looking at clothes, makeup, shoes,
purses and what more. It was when I saw the dress of my dreams when Ashley
totally surprised me. "Try it on," she said, "there's no harm in trying it on,
is there?" Marisha stepped in and said "Oh yes, try it on."

Minutes later I stepped out of the changing room wearing that dress, both
Ashley and Marisha whistled when I got out. "Girl," Marisha said, "where have
you been hiding that body. You look good!" Ashley agreed with her just saying
"Wow, it really does look nice on you."

I looked at myself in the mirror, it did look nice on me but I never wore
anything this tight. Normally I wore more baggy clothes to hide my curves as
they were subject of me getting bullied in middle and high school, so I just
started hiding the reasons for them to bully me. It had also made me very
insecure about my body, feeling always too fat for anything. Now here were two
women telling me the total opposite.

"You should stop wearing those baggy clothes," Ashley said, "show them what you
got girl, don't be ashamed of it. Your mother gave you those assets for a
reason, flaunt it! Be proud of it!"

Marisha nodded adding "Yes, I wish I had your body. Look at me! I'm almost flat
chested."

I turned to the mirror again, the girl in the mirror to me was a different
girl. She wasn't me. What I saw was not the girl I felt inside. That girl
wanted to hide, go back in that changing room and put on those baggy clothes
again. There also was this girl screaming to get out, telling me not to care
what other people thought. It all was so confusing for me and I didn't know
what to do. Softly I said "I better take it off again, I can't afford it
anyways."

As I started to go back into the booth Ashley said "But I can. Let me buy it
for you as a gift. It looks so nice on you."

I just stared at her trying to get an idea why she would do such a thing for
me, the dress wasn't cheap. "Oh I can't accept that," I replied, "no, I can't.
It's way too expensive."

"Ah nonsense," Ashley said, "It looks so nice on you and I can afford it. So
please, do it for me?" She raised here eyebrows, tucked her head in her
shoulders and I just could resist. With a huge sigh I accepted her offer and
said "But no more charity."

"Charity? Oh no, it's a gift from one friend to another," Ashley said
laughingly, "Charity! Huh, I don't do charity."

Marisha intervened by saying "Just one condition though!" Ashley and I looked
at her waiting for what she had to say. "She has to keep wearing that dress. We
will just say it's a challenge or something. You just stay in the booth while
we are paying for the dress. We will hand it to you, you can put it on and we
can get something to eat. I'm starving."

Ashley burst into laughter "I simply do not understand how you can keep so
thin, you eat like a monster and yet not an ounce. Not an ounce. But it's a
good idea." Ashley turned to me and said "And to make sure you don't get
dressed, give us your clothes so we know for sure that you won't leave or
something." I stared at her, this felt way to uncomfortable. It got way too
close to what they had done to me in high school when they hid my clothes and I
had to cross the hallway in my underwear for everyone to see.

"I don't know," I said remembering that day, "Do you promise to come back?"

"Scouts honor," Marisha said. I still wasn't convinced but Marisha already
stepped in and collected all my clothes. I should have been more assertive at
that moment, I should have said no, I just wasn't there yet. I still was that
same bullied girl from high school. Marisha handed my clothes to Ashley and
said "You underwear too, you can't wear that dress with them on. It leaves
stripes and it's much better without underwear. Plus, then I'm sure you'll stay
in this booth until we come back."

She looked at me with a look telling me she was serious and even made that _now
quickly_ move with her hands. I turned around and moments later I handed her my
bra and panties. I stood totally naked in that boot, covering my breasts with
one arm, my privates with the other. I knew I shouldn't have done it, I was
just so easily overpowered by people back then. I so desperately wanted to
trust someone that I even was prepared to do something like that.

Marisha disappeared from the booth and I made sure the curtain was closed so
no one could see me. I didn't look at myself in the mirror, couldn't believe
that I had done what they asked me to do. I got so angry at myself and started
wondering what I had to do to get home. They had all my clothes, my purse, my
keys, everything. I was miles from home. Did this mean I had to go home naked?
Call the police maybe? Call for help from one of the people at the store? What
would I tell them? Why did I agree? Oh, I felt such a fool for letting them do
this to me. Yet again I had let people hurt me. I was so sure I couldn't trust
anyone anymore.

It looked like hours had gone by when suddenly I heard Marisha say "So sorry,
it took a little longer. Here is your dress." I sighed a breath of relieve and
put the dress on as quickly as I could. When I was done Marisha stepped in and
said "We also got you a nice jacket to go with it and a pair of shoes that
match the dress." She handed me the shoes, they were six inch high heels! I had
never worn heels before.

"Oh I can't walk in those," I replied, "I never wear heels."

"Than this is a good time to start," she said, "Don't worry I looked at your
other shoes, they are in your size. That's why we wanted your clothes in the
first place." She laughed and looked at me as if she was wondering about
something. "Did you think we were going to leave you here?" she said slowly.

"Well," I said feeling my face turn red, "They did hide my clothes in school
once, I had to cross the hall during lunch break. Everybody saw me running down
the hall in my underwear. I even had to go to the principle who gave me
detention, not them for doing this to me. Every time they did something like
that I got into trouble, never ever them."

"Oh, I am so sorry," Marisha replied, "I would never do that to anyone. My God,
no, no, I would never let you go outside naked. Not if you didn't want to. Look
if you want to walk outside naked, be my guest. It's quite exciting actually."

I stared at her "Did you do that? Walk outside naked, I mean."

"Oh yes," Marisha replied, "I love it. But you can't do it here, you will get
into real trouble. But in Europe there are places where you won't get into
trouble, the police will just politely ask you to put on some clothes. It's so
nice over there."

"Wow," I replied, "I could never..."

"Don't say never," Marisha interrupted, "You never know what you might do one
day."

"Now you said 'never'," I replied with a chuckle. My heart started beating
faster as I prepared to step out of the booth.

"Oh, just place your feet underneath you, a little more. Like that yes. Now
just go back and forth. Like that yes, comfortable? Now, give me your hand and
just stand up." I did what she asked and they shoes felt surprisingly
comfortable. "Now just take a step and try to walk normally, just smaller
steps. Like that yes, take another and we're off. Yes, my Lord you're a
natural, just keep walking don't think about the shoes. Wow, you're doing
great."

As I stepped out Ashley stood there and put her hands in front of her mouth
from amazement. "Wow, you look so beautiful," she gasped. I smiled and we made
our way out of the store. Another threshold was coming up: actually leaving the
store and stepping into the rather busy crowed walking through the mall. For
the first few minutes I was very self-conscious. Not only was I wearing that
tight dress, I also didn't wear any underwear.

"Exciting, isn't it?" Ashley whispered, "knowing you are not wearing anything
underneath? Do you like it?" I looked at her and smiled. I did, I did like it a
bit too much for my taste, but there was something to it. Walking through the
mall wearing that dress, feeling my breasts sway with every step really started
to spark something inside me. That little flame grew in size.

After almost twenty minutes of strolling through the mall I noticed people
weren't looking at me with disgust, no it was something different. Some girls
looked at me with envy, the boys just stared with a different look all
together. I was used to them being rude to me now some of them even dog
whistled at me. Every time they did I couldn't resist a slight smile, something
that didn't go unnoticed.

"Ah," Ashley whispered, "someone likes the attention she's getting. Just put a
little more bounce in your step. Let the girls jump a little in front of those
boys, they sure seemed to like it." I looked at her shyly and blushed, I felt
like I had been caught doing something naughty. Ashley just winked and smiled
whispering "Go ahead, make them crazy about you."

When I got home later that day I felt like a million bucks, I had done
something I thought I would never do. Looking at myself in the mirror in that
dress made me even like that girl a little. After a few minutes I sat down on
my bed, took off those heels and rubbed my feet. They were beautiful shoes and
rather comfortable, still I was so happy to take them off.

I changed into something comfortable, made myself dinner and sat down at the
dining table. As I was eating I was browsing the internet trying to find a
better paying job when my eye fell on a link to an article about modeling. I
had never been the thinnest of girls, I was on the larger side and this article
talked about how agencies were looking for _bigger_ girls.

> The time of slim girls with unnatural bodies belongs to the past. No more
> photoshopping, no more retouching. People want to see real girls in the
> magazines and agencies are jumping on this. Girls off all sizes, ages and
> color are sought after. Take Julia Ingram for instance, she was working in
> a department store when she was discovered. Now she's the next top model with
> clients as Vogue and Cosmopolitan.

Underneath the article was a photo of Julia, she was just a little bit smaller
than me but it wasn't by much. 'Wow,' I thought, 'Wonder whether I could do
that.' But I knew I would be way to scared to take such a big step, but I did
know someone with an agency. An agency with just one model.

I looked at the clock, decided not to call her that evening. I had to study for
the upcoming exams and had procrastinated for far to long already. For the next
few days I spent my time between school, my boring job and spending time at the
library to study. I only went home to sleep and freshen up. During this time
Ashley, Marisha and I chatted in a private group chat Ashley had set up for us.
We posted funny texts, stupid memes and sometime photos of what we were having
for dinner. It was like I had made real friends for the first time and I
couldn't have been happier.

My last exam was on a Friday morning afterwards I was off for the weekend and
didn't have to work. Both Ashley and Marisha already had plans for that
weekend, but I just didn't want to stay home for all that time. "Why don't you
go to Morrisfield?" Ashley had suggested, "It's a nice town just over an hours
drive from here. They have some nice shops over there and in the city center is
a very nice, cheap hotel _Enchanted Manor_. It's a little bit quirky, but it's
nice and clean."

I had checked the website and it did look like a nice hotel and for the first
time ever I booked a weekend getaway for me, myself and I. When I told them
about it in the chat they both were excited for me. "Good on you," Marisha had
said, "have fun!"

"Wow," Ashley had replied, "I wish I could join you. Are you staying at the
_enchanted_ like I suggested? If so, you're welcome." She ended with a smiling
emoji and a heart.

Just before the bell sounded I was done with my last exam, no clue whether I
had done well but finally this week of hell was over. I walked through the
halls, took a deep breath and a few minutes later I got in my car to drive to
Morrisfield. I was going to have a weekend on my own, doing the thing I loved
most: photography. If I hadn't been accepted into law school that would have
been my second choice. Sometimes I wondered if I had made the right choice by
going to law school, but I had committed and wanted to see it through. At least
I would have a degree I could fall back onto, just like my parents wanted.

On my way over I stopped at a roadside diner to have some lunch and sat at the
window looking outside. The waitress brought my order sometime later and I felt
content being where I was. An older man sat down across from me and said "A
pretty girl like you shouldn't eat alone." I smiled at him, looked around and
there were plenty of empty tables around.

"Why?" I asked.

"Just being friendly," he replied, "Like I said no one should eat alone."

I smiled again feeling a little uncomfortable. "Earl," the waitress said, "you
know you can't just sit down at someones table. Come on, let me sit you at
your table. Come on, get up. Let the lady be. So sorry." Moments later she
returned and said "So sorry about that. He used to be our major, but ever since
his stroke he's not himself anymore. He knows no boundaries anymore, please
forgive him."

I smiled and said "No worries, I understand. I didn't mind really."

"That's nice of you to say," she said, "but we have to be consistent with him,
doctors orders. Please, lunch is on me as an apology."

"Oh no," I replied, "I can --"

"No, I insist," she said, "it's the least I can do."

"Okay, not necessary but thank you and apology accepted." She took a deep
breath as if a load had been lifted of her shoulders. She looked over he
shoulder and said "Sorry need to go. Earl! What did I say? You can't do that!
It's not proper to take off your pants. Put them back on. Now! Do you want me
to call your mother?" Earl turned white and put his pants back on. Now I
understood what the problem was, he acted like a 4 year old child. That stroke
had done that to him and I felt so sorry for him.

Just under an hour later I parked my car on the small parking lot of _The
Enchanted Manor_. From the outside it looked just like any other hotel. That
changed the moment you stepped inside. The lobby was painted in all shades of
pink, purple and white. There were paintings and old photos ever where and in
the far end there even was a real throne. I rang the bell and within minutes a
woman wearing a dress you saw in old movies came out of the office. Her waist
was bound tightly into a corset, her bosom almost popped out of the top. "Hello
welcome to the Enchanted Manor. I'm Elsie. How can I help you?" she said.

"Hello," I replied, "My name is Laura, I have a reservation."

"Last name?"

"Davis, Laura Davis."

"Ah yes, room 8. You will be staying the weekend?"

"Yes, is it possible to leave on Monday? I want to make it a long weekend."

"Sure, just be sure to leave before noon. We do need some time to clean up."

"I love your dress, by the way. Isn't it rather tight."

"Oh you get used to it and thank you. I made this dress myself, all by hand. I
love sewing. If it was possible I would have loved to be a seamstress, but alas
you need to earn your money somehow. Now just some basic rules. Guests are
allowed, you can invite someone over to spend the night. If you want them to
stay longer you need to register them. We pride ourselves in our discretion. No
loud music of any kind, there is a TV and a radio in your room but keep the
levels down. For the rest it's just to have a good time. If you need anything
just dial 3 on your phone in the room and we will see to it."

"Thank you very much, room 8 you said?" Elsie nodded and I thanked her again
before I walked up the beautiful curved stair to the second floor. Room 8 was
at the end of the hallway to the left of the stairs, where all the even
numbered rooms were. I opened the door with the key card and thought it funny
that a hotel decorated like a fairy tale was using modern technology like that.

My room was beautifully decorated with a large king size bed to the left and a
small table with two chairs on the right. On the wall across from the bed was a
TV mounted to the wall. There was a small shower with a toilet and a small
closet where I could put away my clothes. I took some time doing that and then
opened the door to a nice balcony just above the street. I stood there for a
few minutes looking at all the people passing by.

I stepped back inside and sat down at the table to call my parents. I hadn't
talked to them in a while and I knew they wanted to know how my exams had been.
I decided to use Facetime this time as I really wanted to see them as well. It
took some time before my mothers face became visible. "Oh you're father.." she
sighed, "hey sweetie! How are you? How did you do? Where are you?"

I chuckled. My mother always had so many questions when she answered the phone.
"I'm in Morrisfield, just outside of Fort Dix. I decided to take a weekend to
myself. This is a beautiful colonial town and I wanted to spend some time
taking photos again. I missed doing that."

"Oh that's nice. She's in Morrisfield, she said. How did you do on your exams?
Did it go well?"

"I really don't know. I did my best, but we will see. It was so stressful
though, I needed this break. I've been working and studying full time for the
past couple of months. I really need to relax a little before I go back. So I
came here, this hotel is rather cheap and right in the center of town."

"Wow, good for you. You are growing, I am so happy to hear that. You would
never have done a thing like that when you still lived at home. I am so proud
of you. So what are you going to do?"

"I don't know yet," I replied, "Didn't make any plans, will take it as it
comes. I think I might go sightseeing this afternoon. There is this route that
takes you along all the historical landmarks. I think I will go see where they
signed the letter of independence later. Yeah, that might be something I would
like to do."

"You do that sweetie, have a lovely time. Your father wants to talk to you. I
love you honey. Bye." I waved and not long after my fathers nose filled the
screen.

"Whoa dad," I yelled, "take the phone from your ear and just point it at your
face! A little bit further, yes like that." I laughed.

"Modern technology," my father grumbled, "this is a phone, isn't it?" My father
wasn't quite up to date with the latest technology and it didn't really
interest him either. He was a simple man who loved his farm. "How are you
pumpkin? You're in Morrisfield? Nice place. Been there once or twice."

"I'm okay dad," I said, "I really am. I even made some real friends too. Ashley
and Marisha, they are nice people. I like them."

"So good to hear," he said, "I am glad." We talked for a few minutes about
small things like the weather and the farm. My father and I never really talked
about things, we just chatted. The same goes for my mother, her way of telling
me about the birds and the bees was handing me a book and saying "You're old
enough now." We just didn't talk about those things at home, we didn't ignore
it or deny it, we just didn't speak about it.

It was almost an hour later when I stepped out the hotel, sunglasses on my nose
and my camera hanging in front of me. I looked like the proper tourist. Elsie
had given me the sightseeing route and told me it would take me at least two
hours to complete it. "Even longer if you really want to see it all," she said.

At the end of the street I took a left turn and marveled at all the old
buildings and took a lot of photos, some of the complete building, some of just
some details that caught my attention. I read the plaques placed on some of
them and learned about the history of Morrisfield. The longer a strolled
through the streets the more I started to really love this town. It almost felt
like coming home and I imagined myself living there. 

One of the sights was _the Roses_, a former brothel which was fully restored to
it's former glory a few year back. On a sign were some photos showing what it
looked like before the restoration. "This being a brothel was really taboo for
almost 80 years. Now it's fully restored like it was in the early years." it
read.

I stepped inside and one of the girls dressed in an age appropriate dress
walked up to me. "Welcome to the Roses, I'm Daisy. How can I help you?" I
smiled, complemented her on her dress and asked her if I could take a photo.

"Oh sure, wait! Girls! Picture Time!" she yelled. From all corners girls came
rushing up, all dressed like the ladies of the night who used to work there.
They all posed near the bar, some of them even lifted up their dressed to show
their ankles. Something that was rather erotic back in the days. I took some
photos, when I was done they all giggled and disappeared again.

"Thank you so much," I said, "That was really fun."

"You're so welcome," she said, "We can't do what our predecessors did, so this
is the least we can do to honor them. Do you want any pie to go with your
coffee?" I shook my head.

"So tell me," I said, "What's it like wearing a dress like that?"

"Oh surprisingly comfortable. These were all tailored by Elsie, the proprietor
of the Enchanted Manor. She's so good at it."

"She owns the hotel? I thought she just worked there."

"Oh no, she would never tell you she owns it. She's just too modest to do that.
No, she owns it alright. You should have seen it before she bought it. And when
she was done she bought this too, just to restore it to what it is now.
Everything you see is age appropriate and matches the few photos from the
inside that still exist. Just look up. See that room with the number 2 on it?
That room was all that was left in it's original state. That was Miss Rosa's
room, the madame of the Roses. She was the biggest whore in the region, maybe
even the country. What she did for women's liberation is hard to describe, but
she fought for the rights we enjoy today."

"You use that word with pride."

"What word? Whore? Yes, because that's who she was, a whore. She sold her body
to the highest bidder, but she never ever sold her obedience. She was a hard
woman, she was shot multiple times and still lived to reach 89. We don't call
ourselves waitresses or maids, we are all whores here. To honor them, we just
aren't selling our bodies like they did."

I was blown away by her words and all that time she looked straight at me, not
even blinking it seemed. A couple entered the establishment and one of the
other girls rushed to meet them, it seemed that keeping a patron company like
Daisy did with me was part of the experience they offered and it was rather
pleasant too. Daisy and I talked for some time longer resulting in me tipping
her rather well. "Sorry," I said, "I'm still a student and don't have that much
money."

"Then I shall cherish this like it was gold," Days smiled.

I completed the route some time later. A bit disappointed the old court house
where they signed the independence was closed for the day leaving me to take
some pictures from the outside. All in all I had a very lovely first day there
and really fell in love with this quaint little town. The moment I stepped back
into the hotel Elsie welcomed me back and asked me how it had been.

"Oh, it's beautiful," I replied, "especially the Roses, I love what you did
there."

"Thank you so much," she replied, "You've been talking to Daisy, I presume. She
just can't keep her mouth shut. I'm glad you liked it."

"Yes, and those dresses! I would love to try one if I could."

"Would you? Well, that can be arranged. How about tomorrow. We meet up in the
Roses and I will bring a dress that will suit you. You could be one of the
girls for a day. What do you think?"

"Oh I don't know --"

"Come on, you said you wanted to try one, didn't you?"

"Yes, yes I did," I said, "Okay, let's do it. What time?"

"How about 10? Would that be okay?"

I agreed and went back to my room all excited for the next day, wondering how
such a dress would look on me as I walked up the stairs.

Later that evening I had a nice dinner at a restaurant across the street and I
took another stroll through the streets of Morrisfield. Now I turned right and
walked passed some nice little shops. At the far end was a little strip mall
with shops. I saw a groceries shop, a drug store and opened the doors to the
dollar store. I checked all the knickknacks they had to offer, filling my
basked with some cheap makeup, brushes, sun screen and other sanitary items.

Way in the back they had a whole section offering cheap clothes. I browsed the
racks, checked some dresses and proceeded forwards. On one table they had mini
skirts for sale, just five dollars for three of them. I placed six in my basket
and also took some one-size-fit-all shirts they had on sale. My eyes fell on a
shelve with a big sign stating _18+ only: ID required._ I held up one of the
shirts and noticed it wasn't just tight, it also was very, very short.

To my estimation those shirts would just about cover my breasts and nothing
more. They all had rather offensive slurs on them, ranging from _Barbie_ to
_Slut in Training_. They were just six dollars for two of them, so they ended
up in my basked too.

On my way over to the register I passed by some shoes and saw same beautiful
high heels, after trying them on two pair also ended up in my basket. One pair
had 12 inch heels with thick soles. I went back to get some more makeup,
brushes and sponges, also a nice mirror with lights built in. All in all I
spent over 70 dollars in that store.

Once back in my room I sat down at the small table, placed the mirror in front
of me and started doing my makeup, my hair and everything. Once I was finished
I took one of the mini-skirts and a bright pink short with glitter letters
spelling _Barbie_. I put on the 12 inch high heels and took a few careful
steps. The thick soles made them feel the same as the 6 inch heels I already
had.

I opened the closet door and looked at myself in the mirror. I giggled as I saw
myself in the mirror. My under boobs were clearly visible and the mini-skirt
accentuated my wide hips, but even more my rather slim waist. The longer I
looked at myself the more I started to like what I saw.

Just moments later I set my camera to timer and took my spot in front of the
camera, with every exposure I changed my pose a little. On the last one I
positioned myself as such that just before the camera clicked the shirt crept
up exposing my breasts to the camera. At first I was a little startled, then
just giggled.

With my shirt still up I set the timer once more and took some more topless
photos of myself. I loved the way it made me feel about myself, for the first
time I was pleased with the results and giggled again when I reached the
topless series.

Through the open window I could hear the nightlife starting, there was laughter
and from the bar across the street I could hear some music playing. I put on
one of the other shirts and checked myself in the mirror once more. Then I
looked at the window and wondered if I would dare to do what I wanted to do. I
took a peek out the window, then opened the curtains a little more until I just
stepped out on the balcony looking down at the people passing by. Once inside I
stared at my purse, shook my head and thought "I can't, I simply can't."

Twenty minutes later my heart was racing as I opened the door to the bar,
wearing that tight white shirt, that mini skirt and my six inch high heels. I
walked over to the bar ordered a beer and sat down at one of the tables. I
looked at the people on the small dance floor having fun.
