# Chapter One
The world was all white, it had been snowing for days ad it didn't look like it
would stop any time soon. I sat near the fireplace as it was the only source of
heat in the house. I looked around the small cabin we had rented, not looking
forward to the walk over to my bedroom as it was so cold in the rest of the
house. As I sat there staring at the flames of the fire my thoughts went back
to how I got here. I never would have imagined me doing what I was doing by
now, who would have believed that little old me from Whiterock would be sort of
famous all around the world.

My parents had a difficult time with it when I had to tell them what was about
to come out, in the end they supported me as parents always seemed to do. They
truly showed me their love was unconditional, something I will cherish for the
rest of my life. My dad even is a little proud of me, although he will never
say it out loud.

It all started the day I went to college. Having grown up in a small town,
moving to a city of millions was quite the change for me. I was used to be able
to walk out of town, I was used to at least know someone wherever I went. This
was totally different. My high-school maybe had the same amount of students as
two classes at college. The sheer amount of students going to Kingston was
overwhelming at first, I was simply amazed by how fast I got used to it.

The first few days I didn't quite get along with my new room mate, she was
totally different from me. I had been raised to be conservative, mindful of
what people might think. Marisha on the other hand couldn't care less about
what people thought, she just did whatever she wanted to do. At first it
irritated me, slowly however it started to grow on me. She was herself
wherever she went, she simply didn't care. She even said "People will talk
about you no matter what you do, so why don't do the things you like and give
them a reason to talk about?" Those words kept ringing in my ears for quite
some time, until the moment I realized she was right.

"Marisha?" I asked one evening we both were sitting in one of the shared areas
drinking a cup of coffee. She looked up at me waiting for me to say what I
wanted to say. "Do you ever think about what people think off you? Do you ever
care?"

"Sure," she replied, "I think about that all the time, then decide it doesn't
matter. Why should I be restricting myself because someone might not approve?
That way I couldn't do anything as there will always be someone who doesn't
agree or condone. So I just do what I want to do."

"But you can't always do that, can you?"

"Oh, I am not saying I will do anything I want to do. Like if I feel like
getting naked for example, I won't do it because I might be in a mall full of
people. I do take things like that into account, but it won't stop me from
wearing what I want to wear. Am I making myself clear?"

"I think I understand," I replied, "Maybe it's because I grew up in a small
town. I am so used to be considerate of others that it became second nature to
me. I wish I could let go a little more, not to be so considerate that it
restricts me. It almost feels like I can't breath at times."

"Well, you might start with wearing different clothes, like what you're wearing
now is something my grandma would wear. No offense, but it's a little old
fashioned."

"You're right, this is what I am expected to wear at home. My parents are quite
strict about that, not that they are overly protective or anything. Quite the
contrary, in Whiterock they are considered liberal. There are just two families
who don't go to church every weekend, we're one of them. Still it's something
that rubbed off on me, I guess."

"Let's do something about that," Marisha smiled, "We can go shopping tomorrow
and get you some nice clothes. What do you think? Up for that?"

I smiled and agreed to her proposal "That would be nice. But let's hold back a
little. If it's going too far I won't wear it anyways, okay?"

"Sure, baby steps, baby steps," Marisha chuckled.

The next day we spent almost all day at the mall. When we got home we both had
4 bags full of new clothes, shoes, makeup and even a new purse for me. A
downside of most of the stores having a sale. Even though we had purchased a
lot, we had hardly spent 200 dollars in total for the both of us.

"Now," she said as we were checking what we had bought, "let's change into
something we just bought and I will treat us on a pizza. What do you think?"

"What? Are you serious?"

"Yes, I am. Just choose a shirt, a skirt and a pair of shoes. Let's go get some
pizza."

Twenty minutes later I felt quite anxious about going into public wearing what
I was wearing, the v-neck of the shirt I had chosen was way lower than I
expected it to be. You could even see a little of my cleavage so I pulled my
shirt up a little more. Marisha started to chuckle when she saw me do that and
said "Oh no, don't do that. It looks stupid, just pull it down. Who cares you
can see a little cleavage, it's not that you're hiding you have breasts, are
you? That shirt is way to tight for it anyways."

I blushed and pulled the shirt down again. "Now," she said, "let's complete the
look. Here wear this, it used to be my favorite necklace." She handed me a
silver necklace with the smallest of hearts hanging from it. I held up my hair
as Marisha put the necklace on me. When I looked in the mirror I loved how it
looked, it was just enough to take away the attention from the slit between my
breasts that was showing.

"Thank you," I replied, "this is nice."

"Keep it," she said, "I hardly wear it anymore. It was a gift from an old
boyfriend."

"Are you sure? Really? Thanks."

"You're welcome, now can we go? I'm starving."

Stepping out the door of our room was the first hurdle I took, it was the first
time in my life I ever went into public wearing a such a tight shirt let alone
a short skirt like this. I looked down and smiled when I saw the pink Converse
shoes on my feet, I had always wanted a pair like this but never dared to buy
them. I chuckled softly remembering Marisha saying "If you want those, just get
them already. They're on sale now and you will be sorry if you don't. I'm sure
of it." It was the last pair in my size so I just got them and now I was so
happy that I did.

As we walked the hallways I couldn't stop checking if and how the people were
reacting to me wearing what I was wearing. The first few times I was quite
anxious about it only to see that they didn't really care or look any
differently at me. At the end of the hallway I stopped suddenly, turned to
Marisha saying "Wait, I can't wear this, I just can't. I need to change. Please
wait for me." Marisha looked a little stumped but said "Okay. Just be quick,
please."

I rushed back to our room, got changed, looked at myself in the mirror while
holding the little heart in between my fingers. "This is better," I thought and
walked back to Marisha. The moment she saw me she gasped. I had put on the
tightest shirt I had bought, the cut was even lower than the one I had been
wearing. My skirt was even shorter and I had put on my new 4 inch heels. "If I
am going to do this, let's do it right." I said as I took her arm, "Now let's
eat some pizza."

Marisha laughed "Right, I might have released a dragon." I chuckled and we went
outside. The late evening sun felt good on my exposed skin and the more I
noticed nobody really cared about what I was wearing the more confident I got
wearing it. "Did you see that?" I said at one moment, "those boys were checking
me out! I'm sure of it."

"What makes you think they were checking you out, it could have been me."

"I suppose it could, but just let me have this one. I've never been looked at
like that before, they never paid any attention to me." I giggled like a school
girl and we continued walking towards the on-campus pizza place. We had a
lovely time and it was the first time I felt like this could become more that
just two room-mates having dinner, this could become two best friends having
dinner.

In the weeks after I started wearing my new clothes more and more, until I
never looked at my old clothes again. I never even contemplated wearing those
puffy blouses or long skirts anymore. Some days I even went out not wearing a
bra, I just loved to feel my breasts bounce with every step. Something had been
awakened inside me, something I couldn't quite put my finger on. It felt like I
had been freed from my constraints, the restrictions I had put on myself had
fallen away. I loved feeling this free, especially the nights Marisha and I
went out. Having all those boys and men offering us drinks was a laugh. Marisha
taught me how to charm them into getting us whatever we wanted just by giving
them a little glimpse of what was in our shirts.

During one of those nights Marisha excused herself to go to the bathroom. When
it took a little too long I went to go look for her. As I entered the women's
restroom I saw her on her knees sucking some guy, she was moaning as she took
it in deep, gagging on it. The moment she saw me she winked at me and continued
what she was doing. Just moments after the man exploded all over her face, the
white liquid was everywhere. She got up, held out her hand and the man handed
her a 50 dollar bill. "Yeah okay," he said while catching his breath, "you
won."

Right after he left the restroom I walked up to her and said "What the fuck was
that?"

"Oh," she said, "he said I wouldn't dare to suck his cock, to which I responded
how much are you willing to bet. When he said 50 dollars I took him inside and
well you saw it."

"Wow," I started to giggle, "you're something, you know that right? I mean --
jeez I still can't believe you actually did that."

"Why not?" Marisha replied, "I love it and now I've won 50 dollars with it."
She looked into the mirror "Oh no, he ruined my makeup. Got any with you?" I
handed her my eyeliner and watched her clean her face. As I watched I tried to
imagine how it would be if it had been me on my knees. Would I even dare? I
finally concluded I would have lost such a bet.

When she was finished she turned to me and said "Now let's get something to
drink, I'm thirsty and he tasted awful." I burst into laughter which broke the
tension I had felt inside me from the moment I saw her on her knees. The image
of that hard cock sliding in and out of her mouth kept flashing in front of my
eyes, it even excited me a little.

During the months after our friendship grew deeper and I told her things I had
never told anyone before. She did the same to me and the trust between us got
thicker and thicker. I had gotten used to change in front of her, it was like
she had once said "It isn't that you've got anything I haven't seen before. I
mean I just have to look down to see breasts."

Going home for the holidays meant I had to wear my old clothes again, somehow
they felt very restrictive to me by then, even if they wear as loose as they
were. I looked at myself in the mirror and really thought I was wearing the
clothes my grandmother would wear. I just couldn't wear anything else, just not
yet. I just wasn't ready for a confrontation with my parents, not during the
holidays.

The moment they dropped me off at the airport and I was on my own again I
couldn't wait to get into the restrooms and change. Walking out wearing the
tightest shirt I owned, the shortest skirt and the highest heels felt so good.
Although I might run unto someone I knew at that airport, I really didn't care
anymore. Still it was a relieve when the plane took off to bring me back to
Fort Dix.

I arrived at the dorms a week early, most of the students would arrive for
another few days. My parents had to go back to work and I didn't want to stay
home alone all day, I rather wanted to be here where I could be myself again. I
had been there for just a few hours when Marisha called.

"Hey," she said, "How are you doing?"

"I'm okay," I replied, "I'm in our room now."

"So you survived?"

"Yeah I survived," I chuckled, "not that I ever said I wouldn't."

"I know," she said, "I just wanted to talk to you. I miss you. My parents are
being jerks again. You know what they did for Christmas? They rented a tree for
two days, ordered in food, sat down with me for two hours and went back to
work. I got a thousand dollars as a present, like that is something you get
someone for Christmas. I can't wait to go back to school."

"Well, you're welcome to come back home," I replied.

"Home. That's sounds good. Come to think of it, that little room of ours feels
more like home than this cold house. Whoever thinks money makes you happy is
simply wrong."

"Oh, not having it is not so good either," I replied, "I mean my parents didn't
choose to go back to work, they simply had to. Otherwise they can't pay the
bills. If it hadn't been for that scholarship I don't think I would have been
able to afford coming here."

"You're right," she said, "It's just -- I don't know. I mean I'm all alone in
this big house now. My father is at the office, my mother is God knows where.
She had something to do with one of her _famous_ clients."

"What does your mother do? You never told me."

"She's mostly a costume designer for movies, but she's a fashion designer by
trade. One of her clients has some kind of red carpet appearance somewhere so
she had to fly out there." Marisha was quiet for a moment then imitated her
mother saying "So sorry dear, but this is something I can't postpone. I just
have to go." In her normal voice she continued "It's always been like that, she
once walked out of my ballet recital because one of her clients called. They
are more important to her than I will ever be. She just hands me money and
thinks it's all okay."

I could hear the tears in her eyes. "Are you okay?" I asked her. That's when
Marisha really broke. She told me no one had ever asked her about how she felt,
all her frustrations came out and we talked for almost three hours. In the end
Marisha said "Thanks for listening. I never had someone like you, someone who
looks further than what I show them."

"Of course," I replied, "the same goes for me. I never had a friend like you,
someone I can trust. You're more like a sister to me than a friend, I love you
Marisha and I want the best for you."

"Same here," she replied, "I will be _home_ in a few days. I promised my mom I
would be here when she got back. I don't want to be the one who breaks
promises, not like she does."

"That's a good thing," I replied, "Don't ever become like her, you can't get
mad at her for doing things if you do the same things she does. You have to be
the bigger person and keep to your promises. If you don't then you're just
another bigot who gets angry at people for doing the same things they are
doing."

"You're right," she said, "It's so nice to talk to you. You always know what to
say to make me feel better. Thanks."

"Well, you just have a good day sister."

"Thanks sis," Marisha giggled. We both were only children and this was the
closest we would ever get to having siblings, we both knew it. When I laid down
my phone I even smiled a little. Who would have guessed that the person I was
randomly put together with in this small room would become such a dear friend
to me, no she had become more than that. She had become my sister, the person
who I trusted the most in my life, even more than my own parents.

That night I had a hard time sleeping, laid awake for a long time thinking
about the conversation I just had with Marisha and how good it made me feel
about myself. For the first time in my life I didn't really hate who I was
anymore, for the first time I felt good about myself. I looked at the alarm
clock next to me to see it was just after two at night, I had been laying there
for almost three hours. Still couldn't catch my sleep.

I got up, switched on the light on the stand next to my bed and just sat there
for a moment before I got up to go to the bathroom down the hall. In stead of
putting on my robe like I normally would do I just stepped outside. By the time
I was near the restrooms I realized I was hardly wearing any clothes, something
that made me giggle a little. 'I'm so glad nobody saw me,' I thought to myself.

The lights automatically switched on as I entered the restrooms and my eyes had
to adjust for a moment. As I sat down on the toilet an idea popped up in my
head, I dismissed it as soon as it did. 'No,' I thought, 'you can't do that.
What if anyone sees me? I could get expelled.' But the idea kept nagging in my
brain and if even made me giggle a little.

A few minutes later I held the doorknob in my hand, took a deep breath and
rushed back to my room. I had my shirt and panties in my hand, as I walked back
completely naked. The almost 100 yards seemed like miles as I almost ran back
to my room. As quick as I could I opened the door, slipped inside through the
smallest of openings and closed the door behind me. Leaning against the door I
started to giggle, it had been such a rush doing it. Even better, I wanted to
do it again.

I threw my clothes on my bed, leaned against the door with my head convincing
myself not to do it. Then I took a deep breath and stepped outside once more,
this time I walked back to the restrooms only to continue walking until I
reached the shared kitchen at the end of the hall. There I symbolically tapped
the fridge as it was the farthest I could go, turned around and walked back
again. This time slower, with every step getting more confident nobody was
there to see me. I walked passed our room to the other end of the hallway where
the stairs and elevators were. I turned around once more and walked back down
the hall once more.

When I reached the shared kitchen again, I walked up to the window and stood in
front of it for a while. With the lights shining from behind I was sure anyone
who looked up could have seen me. Then I realized I was tempting fate too much
and rushed back inside my room. It had been such a rush and the tension
released the moment I closed the door behind me. I started to giggle
uncontrollably and I knew I would do it again someday, not just now. For now I
had tempted fate enough. Just as I was about to go back to bed I heard the
shuffling noises from one of the guards patrolling the halls. A sound I had
gotten used to during my stay there. At that moment I realized what risk I had
taken and it made me giggle even more.

I must have fallen asleep right away as I woke up feeling the sun on my face. I
still was naked, giggling as I remembered what I had done the night before. I
got up, put on a gown and collected my toiletries to go take a shower. As I
stood there, feeling the water hit my skin the images of seeing Marisha on her
knees popped back into my mind. I saw her sucking that hard cock all over
again, especially when he exploded all over her face. I leaned my head back and
tried to imagine the water was someone exploding on my face.

I felt myself getting aroused and my hand slowly went down, the moment my
finger touch my clit I couldn't resist to moan. It brought me back to reality
instantly and I listened if anyone had heard me. It was all quiet and I
returned to my fantasy. "Oh yes," I whispered softly, "fuck me." I rubbed my
clit as I fantasized how I would pick up some random guy at a bar and how he
would fuck me in the bathroom. "Oh yes, fuck me hard," I whispered. Within a
few minutes I had an orgasm making my whole body shake and tingle. I could feel
every drop of water hitting my skin, it was so sensitive. I quickly finished
what I was doing and back in my room I laid down on my bed, spread my legs
saying softly "Oh yes daddy, pleas fuck me. Fuck your daughter."

For the first time I had a fantasy about having sex with my own father and it
made me come so hard. For the rest of the day I couldn't think about anything
else. In the supermarket I got the groceries I needed and when I was back in my
room I laid on my bed once more. This time I spread my legs, rubbed my clit
whispering "Oh daddy, you make me so wet." I moaned loudly as I pushed the
cucumber I had bought inside my wet pussy. "Oh daddy, you're so big." I pushed
the vegetable as deep as it would go, panting "Oh yes daddy, deeper. I want you
daddy, fuck me. Fuck your daughter." I came multiple times on the natural green
dildo inside me, I just couldn't stop.

At some point I slid down on it, bouncing up and down making my breasts flop. I
spoke louder and louder. "Oh yes daddy, I'm coming all over your cock. Watch
how your daughter is coming on that big cock of yours. Oh daddy, I love fucking
you. Come inside me, daddy, make me pregnant. I want to have your child daddy,
make me a mommy."

Just as I was having an orgasm the door opened and Marisha walked in. I
shrieked and jumped under my blankets as fast as I could. I felt so embarrassed
by it, I just wanted to disappear.
