# Chapter One
The big day had finally arrived, the day I was moving out of my parents home.
Not that I had a bad childhood, I just never felt quite at home in this small
town. I wanted more and be in the middle of life. It always seemed like
everything was happening anywhere else but here. I had studied hard, graduated
with honors and was accepted into the most prestigious college of the Country:
Kingston in Fort Dix. I just couldn't wait to move away from the cold, harsh
weather here to the warm climate of the south of the state.

My mother wasn't happy with it, but she knew I always wanted to go there and
follow in my fathers footsteps to become a lawyer. Unlike my father, who was a
corporate lawyer and worked for the biggest oil company of the country, I
wanted to become a criminal lawyer. "Criminal defense dad," I always said,
"that's where the money is."

He always smiled and said "Well, I didn't do that bad, did I?" And no he
hadn't, we could afford to live in the hottest ski-resort of the country. The
population tripled during the winter months and that's when I was the most
happy, things were happening during those weeks. For the rest of the year
_White Mountain_ was just another sleepy town far away from everything in the
world.

But that was all about to end, I was about to leave it all behind and move into
my own little apartment in Fort Dix. We were so lucky to find it and get
accepted into the building. It wasn't much, just a one bedroom apartment but
soon enough it would be all mine.

As I carried the last of my things towards the van I looked at my mother, she
was standing in the kitchen and I could see she was crying. I felt sorry for
her as she was witnessing her only child leave the nest. She always wanted
three children, she once told me, but a year after I was born she got sick and
the only thing they could do was a hysterectomy. The took out her uterus and to
be sure her ovaries too. She went to menopause at the age of 28. "But," she
said, "A choice between life or death makes a choice very easy." I knew that
wasn't entirely true, but it was what kept her going plus she had a two year
old she wanted to see grow up at the time.

I walked up to her, gave her a hug and said "I love you mom, I always will. But
you knew this day would come. You've always raised me for this day."

"I know," she said, "I know, but did it have to come this fast?"

My father said "Is this the last one? I hope it's the last one, the van is
almost full."

My father and I would drive to Fort Dix, a trip that would last over 36 hours.
He had booked hotels along the way where we could spend the night and in order
to make it to the first stop we had to leave within the next ten minutes or so.
For the past few days my father had taught me how to drive a big car like our
van as I was used to my old little car, which I was very sad to let go. I just
couldn't take it with me.

My mother follow a few days later, the flight was already booked and she didn't
look forward to those four days on her own. She had always preferred company
and had arranged to stay at a friends house so she wouldn't be all alone during
those days. "Call me every day," she said when it was time for us to leave,
"Promise me to call every single day." I could hear the tears in her voice and
she squeezed me hard when she held me. "Oh my baby," she whispered, "all grown
up."

Just as we were about to leave Janice, my mothers best friend showed up and she
hugged me to. "So sad to see you go, but you get them over there. Show them
what we Northerners can do." I thanked her and got into the van, my father
started the engine and off we went to my new life, a new adventure.

It wasn't the first time I went to Fort Dix, but the other times we were there
as tourists and I had always loved being there. The hustle and bustle of a big
city had always attracted me. The chance to be anonymous, to go somewhere where
nobody knew who you were and still be in the same city really attracted me. My
father had hated it there and the first chance he got he was out of there.

He had met my mother on a skiing trip and the fell in love on first sight, nine
months later they were married and six months after that I was born. And
despite everything anybody said, their marriage was the only one still standing
after all these years.

The mountains slowly gave way to the flatter landscape of the neighboring
state, there where fields of grains going as far as the eye could see and I
loved driving through our state. It was the first time for me to do a thing
like this and I loved seeing all of it. Previously we would just fly as it was
easier and faster, but actually driving through the country side, seeing the
sights really excited me.

After four hours we stopped at a roadside diner and had something to eat. The
next four hours would be my turn to drive, I was looking forward to it. My dad
stretched and said "When we arrive at the hotel I think I want to walk for a
little bit, my legs are getting stiff."

"Well, you are getting older dad," I replied with a chuckle. He gave me the
death stare, but said nothing. Which made me laugh even more. I loved being
with my father, he always had this calming aura around him. I had never ever
seen him mad, I had heard stories, but never seen it. It took a lot to get him
that angry. Me on the other hand, I had inherited a more volatile nature from
my mother, not as bad as hers but still. My mother didn't shy away from showing
her emotions.

The next leg of our journey wasn't that eventful, the landscape barely changed
and to be honest that sea of waving grains was getting a bit tiresome. We
arrived at the first hotel on time and the both of us fell onto our beds, I
couldn't believe how tiresome eight hours of driving was and the fun part was:
we got to do it all over again tomorrow.

After a good nights rest we got back into the van and I would drive the first
leg. The seas of wheat and grains changed into fields of grass and if you
looked closely enough you could see the herds of cows in the distance. We were
in ranch territory, the land of the cowboys. Everything was bigger here, the
houses, the cars, everything. We stopped at a petrol station to fill up and I
got some snacks from the shop.

"Road trip?" the girl behind the counter asked me. "Yes, on my way to Fort
Dix," I replied. "Fort Dix? What are you going to do there?" "School," I
replied, "just school." She smiled as I handed her the money, "Kingston?" she
asked and all I did was nod. As I walked away she said "Go Warriors!" I smiled
when she referenced the school football team.

When we got back in I was so happy my father wanted to drive. "Let's divide it
up a little more, four hours of doing nothing is boring," he said. I sat in the
passengers seat enjoying my snacks and looking out the window. Turned up the
volume when one of my favorite songs was being played and opened the window to
feel the breeze of the air. My father laughed and said "At least someone is
enjoying this."

The next two days were uneventful, just more driving and doing our best to get
to the hotel in time. The further south we got the heavier the traffic and
several jams almost made us miss the time we had to check into the last hotel
of hour trip. It was time to call my mother as we had done every time we were
checking in. "Yes mom," I said, "we just about made it. There was this huge
accident and we stood still for about two hours. We handed water to some of the
people behind us, it was so warm out there. What? Yes, yes, we made it just in
time. Yes mom, have a good flight and we'll see you tomorrow. Bye mom."

The next day was rather uneventful too, except for when I saw the first signs
of the place where I was going to live. In the distance when we came down from
on of the surrounding mountains I could see the outskirts of Fort Dix. My heart
skipped a beat, there it was. My new home and I got a little excited.

"I think it's best that I drive the rest of the way," my father said, "So you
can watch out the window." And he was right, there was just so much to see. We
drove in from the North, next to the highway we only saw industry for miles and
miles. Then it slowly changed into something more residential. We took the
Brightfield exit and we were almost there.

The industrial building were replaced by European style houses and apartment
buildings. The roads were full of trees and there were shops almost everywhere.
It was like being in another country, this area had been developed by an
European designer and it was just beautiful. It did get some getting used to
because some of the roads were one way streets and it felt like we were going
the wrong way, but when we finally arrived the street where I would be living
on had hardly any cars driving through it at all.

It was such a nice street and I saw a coffees shop, a green grocers and a small
supermarket, all on walking distance. This was so nice. As soon as my dad
parked the van on the lot behind the building a man came out the backdoor
saying "Hey, you can't park there. Residents only!"

I got out and said "Then it's a good thing I'm a resident. Hi, I'm Laura, Laura
Davis. I'm moving into apartment 12c."

"Ah, Miss Davis. So nice to meet you, I believe your mother is already there.
Come with me, please. Don't worry sir, I will help you with everything. Please
come with me Miss Davis."

"Laura, please call me Laura."

"Tomorrow I will Miss Davis, maybe tomorrow I will." Jose said which made me
smile. I would have said he was around 45 and really friendly. "I'm Jose, the
janitor. If you need anything fixed, call me." I nodded and he showed me the
elevator. "I will help your father now, please go. Your mother is waiting. Go,
go please."

"But I want --"

"No please, Miss Davis. Leave it all to me. I will help."

I went up to my floor and knocked on my own door as I still didn't have the
key. My mother opened the door shouting "Finally!!! I've been waiting for three
hours."

"Three hours?"

"Yes, I got an earlier flight. Could not stand it anymore. I've been cleaning
already and that's all done. We can move your stuff in now."

I stepped into my new apartment and everything did smell squeaky clean. On the
bar I could see the bucket she had been using and she had opened the French
double doors leading to my small balcony. It was just magical, I had finally
arrived in my new apartment. I sat down on one of the lawn chairs in the middle
of the living area.

"Jose lend me those," she said, "he's such a nice man. He even helped me clean,
we were done in no time. I need to give back his bucket."

"I can't wait till tomorrow when the furniture will arrive," I said, "but for
now I am so happy these are here."

"Are you sure you want to sleep here tonight? We can get you a room at the
hotel."

"No mom," I replied, "I've seen more than enough hotels for now. I will sleep
on the fight bed tonight. It will be fine."

My mother shrugged her shoulders and a few minutes later my father walked
through the door. He was pulling a cart and said "This man is a legend, this is
everything from the van." Jose was pushing from the other side and had a big
smile on his face. My mother emptied the bucket and handed it to Jose.

"Just call me so can fetch the cart," Jose said, "Welcome to _Bayview_."

"Thank you Jose, for everything." I replied.

He just nodded and walked off. It was time to unload the cart and we placed the
boxes where we could. When the cart was empty my father brought it down and
said he was scolded by Jose when he got back. "Apparently I wasn't allowed to
bring it down." he laughed.

I placed my temporary bed in my bedroom and threw my sleeping bag on top of it.
"That's my bed made," I said as I entered the living area and started to
imagine where all the furniture would go the next day. "My couch over here, the
TV goes here and maybe some small tables here and here. And oh yes, the chair
goes here. The rug on the floor, it will just be so beautiful."

"Oh," my father said, "I didn't know they had those rails along the ceiling.
That's nice for your pictures. You can hang them anywhere you want without
drilling holes. We need those, Maria. They are so great."

Finally I understood what those transparent plastic strings were for and I
smiled. "Maybe the picture of Rover goes here." Rover was our old dog and I
painted a picture of him when I was twelve. He passed away a year later and it
was one of my priced possessions. I had loved painting and drawing when I was
younger and I hadn't done it in a long time.

We went out to get something to eat as we couldn't do much in that empty
apartment, we had to wait for the furniture to arrive the next day. After
dinner we strolled through the neighborhood and it was just so beautiful
everywhere. It was clear why everybody wanted to live in this part of town, it
was so peaceful and lovely with all the trees, patches of grass everywhere. And
it was so quiet.

The next day I woke up in that empty apartment and had to realize where I was
for a moment. I got up, took a short shower and made myself a cup of coffee. It
wouldn't be long for my parents to arrive, followed by the furniture at 10.
After my coffee I removed my temporary bed and tried to imagine the room at
then end of the day. I smiled at the prospect of it and when the buzzer sounded
I pressed the _open_ button, not long after that my parents walked in the door.

My furniture arrived a little early, but I didn't complain. The burly men
placed everything where I wanted it and after an hour or so my living room was
filled with boxes again. I wanted to unpack my lamps and other decorations
myself. My mother and I spent the better half of the day arranging and
re-arranging everything, until we both were pleased with the result.

My father returned with a TV he had bought for me and not long after the sounds
of the football game filled my apartment. I chuckled and said to my mother "Now
I know why he wanted that TV." She just smiled and nodded as she was making my
bed and I was busy putting my clothes in the closet and dresser. We finalized
everything by packing the kitchen.

We left my father alone with his football game, he had worked hard enough and
to be honest he had done most of the driving the past few days. And he still
had to drive all the way back, this time my mother would join him but she
didn't want to drive the van. "Way to big for me," she always said. My mother
and I went to get the groceries and she insisted to pay for it. "Your father
may have gotten you a TV, please let me get this so you can be healthy." she
said.

At the end of the day was all sat in my living area, tired but happy. It was
all done and it was simply beautiful. I loved all of it. My father looked at me
and said "Are you going to cook or are we going out to eat?" "Let's go out," I
said, "I'm too tired to cook." And so we did.

The next day my father said he had to take care of some business, which wasn't
that surprising to us. He returned an hour later and said to follow him. We
went down to the parking lot behind the building. There on spot 12c, stood a
little red car with a big bow on it. "Congratulations," he said, "I always
wanted to buy you a car for your graduation, but you were just so stubborn and
wanted to buy one yourself. Now I had the chance to do what I always wanted to
do. I love you honey!" I clasped my mouth to suppress a scream and jumped into
his arms. It was the same make and model of my old car, just a little bit
newer. It even had the same color.

"Thank you dad," I screamed, "thank you so much."

"Now, there's just one thing you need to do before I hand you the keys --"

"Anything dad, anything."

"Please drive me to the parking lot over there. The van is still there."

"Yes! I'm driving though." I shouted. My mother got in the back and my father
next to me to give directions. "The car has navigation and all. I just don't
know how it works," he said with a smile, "oh, go left at the next exit."

It took us about 20 minutes to get there and my father handed me the keys and
the paperwork officially. "Now, you are insured on our policy and we'll be
paying the taxes. Everything else is on you, gas, repairs, tickets, the lot."

"Tickets? I don't get tickets," I said with as innocent a face I could make.

"No? What about the last one? Speeding? My girl is a racing driver, three miles
over the limit. How dare she?" he laughed. It had always been their rule
whenever I got a ticket I had to pay for it myself.

When we got back Jose told us to call the real estate agency to give them my
license plate "Otherwise you will be towed," he said, "for now place this where
they can see it." He handed me a card with big letters _NEW RESIDENT_ on it.

The next day I informed the real estate agency and gave them my new license
plate, the would take care of it they told me and I handed the card back to
Jose. Around noon my parents came by for the last time before they were heading
back. "We're going to make a road trip of it," he said, "we may be out there
for a while. I'm taking her on our second honeymoon and we're going to see the
country."

"Have fun," I said as I hugged them, "and tank you for everything. I love you
both so much."

"You just be happy here pumpkin," my father said, "that's all I want."

My mother took a little more time to say good bye and I could hear the tears in
her voice. "Just call us when you need us," she said, "I will be on the next
flight over. Oh, why did you have to grow up this fast?"

"I love you too mom," I whispered, "Now go, have fun on your second honeymoon!
Go!" From my balcony I watched them drive off until they turned the corner, for
the first time I was alone in this big city of millions. My new life had
officially started. I was standing on the balcony, dreaming of my life ahead
when the ringing of my phone startled me. It was my mother.

"Just wanted to check if everything is okay," she said.

I laughed and said "Yes mom, you've been gone for five minutes!"

"Just wanted to make sure," she said, "talk to you soon okay?"

"Yes mom, now go have fun with that man of yours. Please?"

"I will honey, I will."

There were still two weeks before my school started and I wanted to be here
this early so I could explore the city, find out how to get to school and even
look for a job to complete my income a little. Sure my parents had established
a trust fund for me and I could just about pay for everything from it, but
having a job made me feel more a part of this town. Plus I wanted to pay for
the rent all on my own and not be depending on my parents anymore.

As it was barely noon I decided to explore the town a little more. According to
my phone I should be able to walk to school if I took a shortcut through the
park. And I wanted to check it that was true. Reaching the park was just about
a 10 minute walk, but it was just huge. It consisted of multiple lakes with
fountains, a lot of grass, trees, flowerbeds and even some statues of the early
settlers.

A small fence post indicated the old boundary of the earliest settlement and a
plaque told the story of how they arrived in the bay area almost 400 years ago.
Their ship _the Silent Bell_, was shipwrecked on the cliffs and the survivors
built the first settlement that later became Fort Dix. After reading that
plaque I walked on and left the park through the west entrance.

This part of town was totally different to mine and it was clear all the major
schools, libraries and other places of learning were located here. I took a
left turn and after another right I saw the place where I would be going:
Kingston College. The oldest and most reputable school in the whole country and
I was going to be one of the students. I walked through the gates, passing
other students who where walking out.

It was just so magical walking there seeing these buildings I knew from the
photos with my own two eyes. I was just mesmerized by it all. When I saw the
sign _Kingston School of Law_ my heart skipped a beat. That was where I would
be going in just two weeks. I tried to open the door, but it was closed and a
guard came up to me. "Can I help you miss?" he said.

"Oh, I am so sorry. I will me enrolling here in two weeks and just wanted to
take a peek." I said.

He laughed and said "Sorry, they're closed for the day. You will have to wait
for a bit longer. Or come back tomorrow."

"Maybe I will," I said with a big smile, "thank you so much."

"My pleasure miss," he replied. I guessed I wasn't the only one trying to get
in a bit early and I was right in my assumption because as I walked away I
heard someone say. "Darn it, it's closed." I looked around and saw a rather
slender red head girl standing at that door. She wore simple clothes and when
she saw me she said "What you're looking at?"

"Nothing," I said, "It's just funny to me, I tried it not just two minutes
ago."

"You're going here too?" she asked.

"Yes, in two weeks. I moved here early so I could get to know the town a little
before school stars."

"So did I," she said, "Marisha, I'm Marisha."

"Laura, Laura Davis, pleased to meet you."

"Yes, the same. Well, I guess I'll be seeing you then." and she walked off. I
watched her walk away and had to admit I was a little intrigued by her. She
wasn't the person I would expect to go to Kingston Law, or any law school for
that matter. She wasn't like any person I knew. I shrugged my shoulders and
walked around a little more taking it all in. Soon enough it would be so
familiar to me, I thought.

When I left the school grounds I turned left once more and decided to follow a
different path back to my apartment. In between all the big buildings was an
oasis of small shops and bars. I looked around there and found some nice
fashion stores, a few bars I might visit and then I my eyes fell on a sign in
the window: Help Wanted.

I went inside and at the bar I asked about the sign in the window, to my
disappointment the position had already been filled and the woman took the sign
out of the window. "Too bad," I said and walked out. I continued my track home
and walked around the park this time along a very busy boulevard filled with
cars driving somewhere. I took a left as soon as I could when I saw a sign
pointing to the city center. I had been gone for almost three hours at that
time and decided to just go home. I had walked enough for one day.

It took me another hour to get home and I sat down on my couch tired but
fulfilled. I switched on the TV and couldn't wait for the next day when they
would come to connect me to the internet. Until then I had nothing else to do
but watch _the stupid box_, as I used to call it.

The internet connection was installed in just around 10 minutes and when he
finally left I couldn't wait to check my e-mail, Facebook and other social
media. I posted a picture of my apartment on my Facebook page and typed how
happy I was being there. How I spent some time at my new school. The first one
to like my post was my mother. And I smiled thinking 'You shouldn't be browsing
the internet, you're on a second honeymoon."

I did check her page though and although she didn't post much she did post a
beautiful picture of where they were. "On my second honeymoon with the love of
my life! Just dumped our child at her new apartment and we're alone at last!"
she had written underneath it. I responded with a simple "Hey!" and laughed. I
just was happy she had a good time.

I spent some more time on the internet, catching up with old friends and it all
made me feel a little homesick. For the first time it hit me how far away I was
from everybody I knew. I was all alone in this city of millions, it all made me
feel a little sad and question if I had made the right choice on coming here.

I looked around the apartment and felt really alone. I sat down on my couch,
tried to watch some TV, but nothing was on that interested me. I decided to do
something else and look online for a job. There were loads of them but most
were asking for some sort of degree or years of experience. I had none of them
until my eyes fell on an ad from a fashion store downtown. It was called _The
Lady of Lace_ and they were searching for a girl my age to come and join their
team. The photos of the store were just beautiful and I decided to go there as
soon as they opened.

Sure I could have responded online, but I wanted to see the store with my own
eyes and I thought it might have some impact if I actually showed up to respond
to their ad.

The next morning I got up early, got ready to go to _the Lady_ and made sure I
was dressed nicely. I got into my car an hour later and drove towards the _Old
Town_ as they called it. I found a place to park as close to the store as
possible and arrived there about twenty minutes after they had opened.

The store was just as beautiful as shown in the pictures and now I knew why it
was named as it was. The clothes they sold were all very lacy and some of them
were even a little translucent. I browsed the store a little and looked at
everything they sold. They had everything for _the woman who wants to feel sexy
and beautiful_, as they slogan stated. From stockings, to garter belts and
corsets. From nipple tassels to high heeled shoes. Everything was so sexy,
without getting vulgar. If you wore any of the clothes they sold all the
important bits would be covered, I thought.

A middle aged woman with slightly graying hair came up to me and asked "Welcome
to _the Lady of Lace_, I'm Carina. How can I help you?"

I turned to her and said "Hello, I'm Laura and I saw your ad on the internet.
You were looking for help? I thought I'd drop by instead of responding through
the internet."

"That's resourceful of you," she said, "I like that. But what makes you thing
you could work here?"

"Well, I didn't until I came in here. These clothes are just beautiful! I love
them all. I couldn't have answered that question if I hadn't come here."

"Good answer," she replied with a laugh, "but there are other contestants and
some of them have lots of experience. Why should I hire you?"

"I don't have any experience, none. I'm young and therefore cheap. And the best
thing is, because I don't have any experience you can teach me in any way you
see fit. They always say it's harder to unlearn something than it is to learn
it. Did I say I was cheap already?"

"Yes, you did," she laughed, "You said you were young. College young?"

"Yes, I just moved here. I will be starting Kingston Law in just two weeks. I
live in an apartment in Brighfield, so it's close and I would love to have a
job so I can make Fort Dix my home."

"Another good answer, it's clear why you are going to law school. Just one more
question."

"Yes?"

"What's my name and what did I say when I greeted you?"

"Your name is Carina and it was _Welcome to the Lady of Lace, I'm Carina, how
can I help you?_, wasn't it?"

Carina laughed "To the letter. When can you start? if I choose to hire you that
is." 

"Right away," I answered, "or whenever you see fit."

She raised her finger and said "Another good answer. Wait here for a second
please." A few minutes later she came back and a woman was following her. I
could hear Carina say "I am so sorry, but the position has been filled. I wish
I had better news." The woman put on a brave face and said "That's okay. I will
find something I'm sure."

Hearing that made me feel a little uncomfortable and Carina turned to me saying
"She came in a minute before you did. We were about to sit down and talk. If
the position had been taken before she arrived I still would have had that talk
in my office. So, you could start today you said?"

I nodded and she continued "Well, then let me show you where you can hang your
coat."

"Does this mean --"

"Yes," she interrupted me, "How can I deny someone who gives me all the right
answers?"

I spent the rest of the day there, which mostly consisted of getting to know
the stock, the computer system and above all Carina, my new boss. We made
arrangements on when I was expected to work and how we would accommodate it all
once I had my roster from school. "You can study back here," Carina said, "just
as long as it doesn't interfere with your work I'm okay with it. If it gets to
busy for you, like you have to study for exams or something, just tell me and
we'll work something out. I wall ask my sister to fill in or something. Just be
honest with me, that's all I'm asking."

I really liked her and after a few hours she closed the store for a while and
we sat down at the coffee shop down the street. "So, just come by tomorrow and
I will have all the necessary paperwork ready for you to sign. I will pay you
minimum wage with a commission on everything you sell, which is five percent of
every sale."

I whistled as by now I knew some of the prices and 5 percent could quickly add
up. One of the dresses we sold was just about 8,000 dollars. "Seems fair to
me," I responded.

"Mind you," she said, "there are more than enough days we do not have any
customers. Or we make just small sales and we do a lot of sales through the
internet. So that's the first thing we do. Making sure all the online orders
are packed and ready to go. Marcus comes by every day at eleven to pick them
up."

"Marcus?"

"Yes. He has his own little trucking company and thinks he's like this mogul
now. His wife is even worse, she thinks she's all that. I can't believe we ever
shared a womb." Carina laughed.

"Oh, he's your brother-in-law," it finally clicked and I started to laugh.

As we walked back to the store I said "It's been a lovely day and I will come
by tomorrow then."

"Yes," Carina said, "and thank you for walking into my store. I have a good
feeling about this and it's been a long time since I felt this way about
anyone. See you tomorrow."

Having secured that job had made me feel good about myself. And if I did well
enough I could earn a lot of money working there. I got into my car and decided
to explore the city a little more. About 20 minutes later I found myself to the
west side of the city. This part was totally different from the rest. The
buildings were old and dilapidated. The roads were wide and it just looked like
every other big city in the country. This was Stillwater, the part of town were
the less well off lived.

I knew most of them were hard working people who mostly worked in the
industrial area or did the all the other low paying jobs in town. I parked my
car on the parking lot of one of the strip malls they had and walked into the
_Dollar Store_. Just to take a peek on what they sold in there. I had heard of
them, but never been to one.

I took a basket and filled it with some shampoo, shower cream and other things
I still needed for my bathroom. Most of them were priced at a dollar or just
over. I also got myself some makeup thinking it couldn't be much for that price
and I took some time looking at the clothes they sold. They were all cheep
dresses, skirts and shirts. I ended up with three mini-skirts, some crop-tops
and a pair of very cheap high heels. "Can't hurt as a first pair," I thought.
At the register it all came to a total of just under 30 dollars.

As I sat back in my car I thought "I must remember this place." It was way
cheaper to get the things I got here than it was over in Brightfield. Sure it
was a bit of a drive, but still. I drove around some more to check what else
was there to see, but most of this part of town was the same and I made my way
back to my apartment.

I tried on the new clothes I had bought and loved the way they made me feel. I
had never been a skirt-kind-of-girl as most of the time it was just too cold
for me to wear one. But over here it was different, the temperatures were more
than pleasant even a bit too warm for me at some moments. I put everything else
in my bathroom and smelled the shower cream once more. Roses. I loved roses.

I then unpacked the pair of heels and put them on. I had hardly ever worn heels
before, let alone a pair this high. The first few steps were a little wobbly,
but I soon got it under control and started walking as normal as I could. After
about ten minutes my feet started to hurt a lot and I had to take them off. But
I was determined to learn to walk in them and about half an hour later I put
them back on and walked up and down my living area, ignoring the pain in my
feet.

I loved how they made me feel all feminine and at that moment I decided I was
going to wear them every single moment I was home. I wanted to get used to
wearing heels as soon as possible. The next day I was back at that store and
bought another three pairs of heels, one higher than the next.

After just a few days I was able to walk on the highest pair for almost the
whole day and I loved it, together with the clothes I wore I felt really sexy.
A feeling I had never had before. In White Mountain I was expected to be that
respectable girl, the daughter of a lawyer. But this had awakened something in
me that I had denied for all my life. Something I felt whenever I saw those
girls on TV or in a magazine, the fashion girls. The girly girls, all dressed
in pink and with loads of makeup. The girls who were what I always longed to
be, but could never be back in White Mountain.

I started to dress as sexy as I could every second I was home. I even ordered
some shirts that showed my _under boobs_, the one I loved the most had big pink
letters spelling _SLUT_ on it. Together with the pink mini-skirt and the
highest heels it made me feel so sexy. One evening I sat down and did my
makeup, my hair in two pony tails, put on the sexiest outfit I had and posed
for some photos I took with my phone.

I prowled my lips and stared as innocently into the camera as I could. I
giggled when I saw them and immediately placed the phone back to pose for
another series of photos. On the last one I lifted up my shirt, exposing my
breasts to the camera. Looking at them made me giggle more and I turned the
last one into my phone wallpaper. "If my mother ever sees these," I thought and
giggled at the idea what would happen.

I placed the phone on the table and took another series of photos of myself,
this time top-less and on the last photo I spread my legs showing the tiny pink
thong I was wearing. I had so much fun that evening I knew I would continue
taking photos like these. I finally had given into a desire I had felt for so
long and I loved doing it.

That evening when I laid in bed was the first time I masturbated to the thought
of posting them on the internet. Just the thought of random men masturbating
to pictures of me really excited me. But I also knew I didn't dare to do such a
thing, never. Still the thought, the fantasy turned me on so much. Then there
was the fact I didn't have to be quiet anymore while I was pleasuring myself, I
could moan loudly as I slid my fingers inside my wet pussy. No more biting my
pillow, no more trying to be as quiet as possible. That whole experience was so
liberating for me.

The next day I got up around nine, got dressed after a short shower and made my
way over to the store. Carina greeted me and we signed all the paperwork,
agreeing I would start the next week. She excused herself as she had to go
somewhere and I left thinking what to do for the rest of the day. I decided to
go see the beach and the ocean.

On my way over there I passed through the rich part of town, there were the
biggest mansions and after a short drive I arrived at the beach. As I was
beautiful weather it was quite busy there. I sat down in the sand watching the
people on the beach. I was blown away by some of the girls I saw, just the size
of their waists, their boobs, they were just so beautiful. Then there was this
girl who walked by. She almost looked like a live Barbie doll. Her breasts were
enormous. She wore a tiny shirt with the word _Bimbo_ on it. She was just
flaunting her femininity and I was blown away by her appearance.

 
