# ---- LAURA ----
Laura is 18 years old and about to move from a small town in the north of the
country to Fort Dix, the biggest city of the state. She's been accepted into a
very prestigious college and she's ready to go.

Laura has never really felt at home in that small town she grew up in, she
always knew she was different than the others. But not being one to stir the
pot she conformed to what was expected of her, always feeling that need to
rebel. She never did.

She doesn't want to move into the dorms and is very lucky to find an apartment
in Brightfield, the most wanted spot in all of Fort Dix. Rent isn't cheap, but
with the help of her parents she can just about afford it.

It's a small apartment, with a small bar dividing the kitchen from the living
area, next to the living area is her bedroom and a small bathroom (which has a
bath, a shower and a toilet). Next to the kitchen is small pantry.

The living area has a nice view over Fort Dix and the balcony is a nice place
where you can sit during the summer.

Laura is going to study law at Kingston College, just like her father did so
many years ago. He was one of the honor students and Laura knows she has big
shoes to fill.

Just days after she moves into her apartment she feels the need to change, to
become more herself. And that's where the story starts.

# ---- FRIENDS ----
[MARISHA]
On the first day she meets Marisha, who's parents aren't as wealthy as Laura's
but somehow they hit it off and become the best of friends.

# ---- FORT DIX ----

The largest city in the state of New Massachusetts.

Fort Dix was founded by the first settlers over 400 years ago.

At the time of the story Fort Dix has over 16 million citizens

The city center is known as _the Old Town_ and mainly consists of buildings
dating back to the early 1800s, almost a century after the first fort was
built. To the west of it is the financial district where all the major
financial institutes have their offices.

To the South is _Bellhaven_, named after the ship in which the settlers came to
these lands, _the Silent Bell_. Bellhaven is where all the rich people live and
there you will find all the big mansions and multi-million dollar houses.
Bellhaven is situated near the ocean and arguably is the most beautiful part
of Fort Dix.

Next to Bellhaven you will find a small district of town, _Maripole_, this
district houses the large schools and university. Kingston College is the best
college of the country and most students live on it's dorms. All in all
Kingston teaches up to 5300 students each year.

Just to the north of Maripole and to the easy of the Old Town is _Brightfield_,
a mostly middle class district with a lot of apartment buildings and smaller
houses. It was build as an experiment with European style plans and had a lot
of shops on walking distance, a lot of greenery. Due to it's nature it's
extremely difficult to find a home there.

To the north of the city center is _Lakeview_, most of the industry is situated
there. The farther north you go the heavier the industry becomes and on the
very outskirts of town the biggest refinery of the country holds it's domicile.

Then there is _Stillwater_ to the west of the center. This district houses the
less fortunate in live. Houses are cheap, the crime is high and all in all not
a good place to live. The city council has made all kinds of plans to improve
the living conditions there, but for now it has little to no impact.

 
