# Chapter One
I am not going to say everything about White Mountain was bad, because it
wasn't. During the winter months when all the people came to enjoy themselves
on the mountains it was the best place you could be. The rich and famous came
from all over the world to ski and enjoy themselves. Mostly because White
Mountain remained rather isolated from the rest of the world.

There was only on road leading to and from the small town, which had remained
its small town vibe despite the onslaught of large hotel chains wanting to
build large high rises to house as many tourists as possible. White Mountain
had always resisted and now there were large lodges, but all of the were
restricted to a maximum of 500. This policy had only made White Mountain more
exclusive and more expensive. Now all of the residents of White Mountain
supported this decision, which was heavily contested at the time it was made.

Living in White Mountain was too expensive for most people, only for locals who
could prove they lived there for generations there were some exceptions.
Laura's mother was one of them, her family lineage went back to the old lodging
days of the town. Her father used to be the mayor of White Mountain and he
started the restaurant now owned and run by my mother. My father was the local
divorce lawyer and with all the rich and famous flocking to White Mountain his
practice was booming.

My parents met when my father came over for a skiing trip with his friends,
payed for by the father of his best friend Peter. When they came into the
restaurant one night it was love on first sight for the both of them. Nine
months later they were married, five months later I was born. Despite what
everybody said, their marriage still stands and is as solid as a marriage can
get.

Despite everything White Mountain had to offer, the skiing in winter, the
hiking in nature during the summer, the sailing and swimming in the big lake to
the South of town, I always felt everything was happening elsewhere. I always
felt the isolation of White Mountain. We didn't have a mall, no big shops where
you could go, no cinema, no theater. We had nothing of that.

Sometimes Randy, the owner of _the Rascal_ would show a movie on his big screen
TV so we, as children, could see movies the rest of the country had seen months
if not years earlier. But at least is was something and he only charged 5 cents
to see the movie. Years later he told me he only charged that because he wanted
to make us feel like we really went to see a movie. And it did, I had never
felt so proud as the first time I was allowed to go. Clutching my 5 cents in my
hand I was so proud that I was going to see a movie and I was even prouder when
I handed Randy the money I had gotten from my mother.

The older I got the more I felt that isolation, the distance from the rest of
the country and I was glued to the TV whenever they showed what was happening
out there. I saw girls going to the mall, shopping till they dropped and the
walls of my bedroom was filled with posters of girls dressed in the latest
fashions. Fashion that totally wasn't accessible to me at the time, clothes I
would never get to wear.

Not that my parents wouldn't allow it, it was more a practical thing. Being
this far North it simply was too cold most of the year. On top of that what
people might think was a major influence on how people dressed or behaved.
Social pressure under the locals was huge and as I grew up there I thought it
was normal, making me conform to dressing the way that was expected of me. But
deep inside I always felt that need to rebel, to kick against the
establishment, but I never did. Mostly because I didn't want to hurt my
parents.

One evening when I was 12 I saw this woman come into my mothers restaurant. She
was dressed in a very flamboyant outfit and sat down at one of the tables after
the man who she was with had offered her a chair. Even though I was still too
young to officially be working, my mother did allow me to clear the tables
every now and again. Mostly because I wanted to go see a movie at the Rascal,
but also because I loved watching the people who came in.

As I was clearing the table next to them I heard her say "-- was fun. I had a
lovely time on the slopes, how about you? Up for some more fun? --" I turned
away my attention and carried the dirty dishes back to the kitchen. I returned
as quickly as possible to that table to clean it and place new ones on the
table. "-- don't mind him," I heard her say, "my husband likes to watch as I am
having some fun to the side." I might have been 12 at the time, I knew exactly
what she was talking about. I knew all about the birds and the bees, but
overhearing what she said did astonish me a lot.

For a couple of days I couldn't believe what I had heard and it kept going
through my mind. When my father needed to go to Stillwater for a business
meeting I asked if I could join him. "What will you do for the time I'm in that
meeting?" he asked me, "You are way too young the be in Stillwater on your
own."

"I want to go to the library," I lied a little, "I've got this assignment from
school and I want to look at some books." That wasn't entirely true, yes I did
have an assignment, but the school library would have had everything I needed
to complete it. I wanted to go to the Stillwater library because I knew they
had access to the internet there and best of all it was free.

"Well okay," my father said knowing full well I wouldn't have given up, "but
you will have to promise me to stay at the library the whole time. And I will
ask them to keep an eye on you."

I nodded and hopped a little "Thanks dad, I will get my bag and we can go,
yes?"

My father smiled and said to my mother "She's going to be a big problem later." 

"Or a good lawyer," my mother laughed. My father chuckled and we got in the car
to go to Stillwater.

Once in the library he told me he would be back in an hour or two and that I
had to remain in the children section of the library. "Now I've asked that nice
lady over there to keep an eye on you. Her name is Lucy and if you need
anything you can ask her, okay?" I nodded and as soon as my father had left I
looked up from my book only to see Lucy staring at me. I waved and smiled, went
back to my book. Made some notes I really didn't need, got up for another book
and ever so slow I moved further and further away from the desk where Lucy was
sitting.

To my relief she was called away at some point and that was my chance to slip
into the adult section of the library. I found an unused computer in a somewhat
hidden spot of the library and clicked on the little icon saying _internet_.
After a few seconds it opened a page where I could enter what I wanted to
search for.

> Woman sleeps with other men despite being married

The results that came in were eye opening. Not only were there sites explaining
it, there were pictures too. Pictures of women with their legs spread wide,
some even had penises inside their hole. I clicked from photo to photo and was
simply blown away by what I was seeing. When I heard some noise behind me I
clicked on another link and it opened a page explaining what it was called.

> To some people it's cheating, but to some it's a way of live. _Swinging_ is
> getting more and more popular these days. There are even parties for them
> now. Next to _swinging_ there's another form. This is where mostly the female
> enjoys the sex and the male, mostly a husband or boyfriend, gets to watch. In
> some cases the female humiliates the male for is less than adequate physique.
> This is called _cuckolding_, a name derived from the smaller size of the mans
> penis. (ed. A cock or cuck is slang for a mans penis.)

I kept on reading page after page and watched some more pictures of women
cheating on their husbands this way. The moment I heard noises again I closed
the program, reopened it and did a search for _history of Fort Dix_. I was half
way through a page when I heard a female voice say "There you are. Your father
told you you weren't allowed to leave the childrens area! I was so worried and
I am so afraid he's going to be angry at me. Come on! What are you looking
for?"

"The history of Fort Dix," I said still a bit flustered about what I had just
been reading and seeing, "I knew you had computers here and I wanted to know
what I could find on here. Did you know Fort Dix was named after the Dixie
Indians who lived there? Do you know what happened to the Indians?"

"First of all they're called Aboriginal and secondly the live in special places
called reservations, where they have a large amount of self-rule. They have
their own councils and sometimes their own police and government. All the
tribes have a seat in our government and help to rule the country. Now let's
go, you father will be here soon and if you are not where you were supposed to
be we both will be in trouble." She smiled and I took her hand.

"I wont say anything if you don't," I said to her. All she did was smile and
say "We'll see."

The moment my father came she ratted me out and told him how I had left the
area and how she found me on one of the computers. He just laughed and said
"Yep, that's my daughter. Always resourceful and a pain in my -- well you get
what I mean. Thank you for looking after her. I will make sure this will never
happen again. Come on you rascal, it's time to go home. Thanks again Lucy."

Lucy smiled and I stuck out my tongue to her, when she did the same to me I
couldn't help but chuckle. Behind me I could hear Lucy laugh too. My father
scolded me a little for leaving the child section "But at least you stayed in
the library, so it could have been worse." he said while shaking his head, "why
do you always have to be this stubborn." I shook my head and raised my
shoulders "I don't know. I just wanted to use the computer. And they don't have
them in the child section."

On our way back home we got some ice-cream and when we got home my mother got
to hear all of it. She just laughed and patted my head "You were naughty and
next time you listen, okay?" I nodded and went to my room where my thoughts
went back to what I had seen and read on the internet. For the first time I
acted like I was one of the women I had seen in those pictures, with my hand I
went down there. I stopped after a few minutes because I really couldn't
understand what the fun of it was. It didn't make me feel anything like they
were expressing in those pictures.

Not long after that day, by total accident, I touched my clit sending thrills
of pleasure through my young body. For weeks after that moment I kept on
pleasuring myself every night before I went to sleep. It took another few weeks
before I slipped a finger inside myself, then two and sometimes even three. One
day at school I felt the urge and asked to go the bathroom where I pulled down
my panties and rubbed my little clit until I had the ultimate relief I was
looking for.

When I returned back to the class room the teacher asked me if everything was
okay and I said I felt a little hot. She felt my forehead and said "You don't
seem to have a fever. If you feel sick just tell me, okay?" I nodded and sat
down at my desk. I knew I had pushed it too far and felt a little embarrassed
by all the children looking at me, but it felt exciting too. Which was totally
confusing to me.

When I turned 13 I was home alone for a while, my mother was at the restaurant
and my father at his office down the road. They thought I was old enough to be
on my own for a while. And it wasn't like my mother was far away, we lived
above the restaurant and she could just walk up the stairs to check upon me.
Plus the only way to our home was through the restaurant so I couldn't simply
sneak out without being seen by someone.

From up the stairs I could hear it was getting busy downstairs and I closed the
door leading up to it. I went back to my bedroom, put on the most sexy dress I
had and sat on the bed. "Oh," I acted like the woman I had seen almost a year
ago, "my husband? Don't mind him he loves to watch. Yes he does and besides
that he doesn't really excite me, if you get what I mean. So he can just sit
there and watch." I looked over my shoulder to my chair which had one of my
dolls sitting in it.

I got up, slipped the dress of my shoulders and said "Oops, I don't know how
that could happen." Seconds later the dress slipped down on the floor and I was
naked. My butting breasts were hardly noticeable, but to me they were clearly
there. I stood there for a moment before I opened the door and I walked back to
my bed. At the foot end there were these wooden acorns on top of them and I
lifted up my leg and stepped over one of them. When the top of the acorn
touched my little slit I said "Yes, just look at how he slips inside me. Look
at me!" I slowly sat down on the acorn and started to moan as it entered my
little wet slit.

It hurt so much that I immediately rose up again, but I was determined and sat
down again, this time pushing through the pain and suddenly my lips gave way
and I felt the acorn slide inside me. I gasped as I felt it enter me and
clasped my mouth not to make too much noise. If my mother would walk up the
stairs she could see me through the open door. The whole situation excited me
so much that I came instantly and I felt my muscles clasp that wooden intruder
inside me.

Only when I relaxed I could get off it and immediately closed the door. I
looked at the wooden representation of nature and saw the fluids mixed with
blood on the wooden protrusion. I threw on my dress and rushed to the bathroom
to get some toilet paper. I cleaned the part of my bed until there wasn't
anything left of what I had left behind and flushed away the paper a few
seconds later.

I repeated that situation every time I had the chance and sometimes even when
my parents were home. After a few weeks I was bouncing on that acorn for
several minutes, sometimes even longer and I loved how it made me feel. The
most exciting one I had when both my parents were sitting in the living room,
just yards from them I was bouncing fully naked on that acorn with the door
wide open. Having that risk of getting caught was what really exited me and
that evening I almost was. I had just closed the door and jumped into bed the
moment I heard someone coming. I grabbed the book from my nightstand and acted
like I was reading.

My mother popped her head around the door and said "Time to sleep, honey." My
thoughts were at the acorn, still covered in my fluids. I nodded and switched
of my light hoping the state of the acorn wouldn't be that visible anymore. My
mother smiled and closed the door. I waited for a few minutes, sneaked to the
bathroom, got some toilet paper, cleaned the acorn with it and sneaked back.
When I flushed the toilet I heard my mother say "Go to sleep now!" "Okay" I
yelled back and giggled as I was getting into bed again. I had dodged a bullet
and I knew it.

The first time I was with I boy I was 14 and he was one of the many tourists
who came to enjoy the slopes. Somehow we found ourselves inside one of the
sheds out there and after we kissed he had opened my jacket, pushing his hand
up my shirt. I let him do it and before I knew it I was laying on my back, my
legs spread and him in between them. He slipped inside me and I placed my hands
on his ass cheeks and looked straight into his eyes. He pushed a few times then
pulled out and ejaculated over my belly. Feeling that warm white fluid land on
my skin sent thrills through my body. I had lost my virginity in a matter of
ten minutes. I walked into that shed a girl, but left a woman. That's how it
felt to me at least.

I had sex with a couple of boys that winter and knew that I loved doing it,
even though I never reached my pique I did love the attention it gave me. At
some point my mother saw me kissing with a boy and we had _the talk_ that
evening. I had to be honest with her and told her I had been with one boy. To
my utter surprise she didn't get mad at all, she even seemed a little proud.
"But," she said, "we need be careful. We don't want you to get pregnant now, do
we?" I shook my head and she said "Okay then, tomorrow we will go see doctor
Stevens and we're going to get you on the pill. Now, that's just a little one
and you will have to take it every day before you go to bed. I do it too, so
does every woman I know. So it's perfectly normal, okay?"

I nodded again and then she said "Oh, my little girl is getting all grown up!"

Every winter after that I had sex with a couple of boys, but never too many as
I wanted to keep it a secret for as long as I could and somehow I always
managed to hide it. My mother always waved it away as puppy love and I always
made sure there was enough time between them to make it seem that way, plus I
didn't want to be known for the slut I felt like I really was. And I only had
those little flings with the out-of-town boys as they would leave within two of
three weeks to take their stories about me with them.

In my senior year I had applied to Kingston College and had decided to become a
lawyer, just like my father. He had always talked about Kingston in such a good
way I really wanted to go there too. I graduated with honors and when the
acceptance letter came I couldn't have been happier. Not only was I finally
going to leave this small town, I was going to the most prestigious college in
the country, just like my father had done years ago.

My mother wasn't especially happy with my choice, but she knew that she
couldn't have changed my mind even if she had wanted too. She would have rather
seen me go to a college closer by and not at the total other end of the
country. On top of it all Kingston College was in Fort Dix, the biggest city of
the country and she was scared of me going there.

A stroke of luck for me was that Peter's daughter Emily was moving out of her
apartment as she was getting married. Peter was my fathers oldest and best
friend and offered the apartment to me for a reasonable rent. After seeing
photos of the apartment I fell in love with it and we agreed with the proposal.

As the lawyer he was my father set up the paperwork and the deal was struck.
Emily would leave most of the furniture to me, which she was happy to do. "At
least there will be another girl moving in," she said. Just before we left
Peter handed me the keys to the apartment and told me to keep good care of it.
"And before I forget. If you need anything repaired or need any help with
anything, just ask for Jose. He's the janitor and he's the best one in the
world. He will help you with anything."

I thanked Peter for the advise and we went off to the airport in Stillwater,
because a 36 hour drive was just a little too far. My mother would go with me
to help me settle in and so we could buy whatever we needed. After a three
hour flight we rented a car to drive to the apartment and that way we had a
car for whenever we needed one.

The moment we arrived I walked in and found Jose in his little office. "Hi," i
said and when he looked up, "my name is Laura Davis, new tenant of apartment
12c?"

"Ah, Miss Davis, pleased to meet you," he said with a slight Spanish accent,
"can I help you?"

"Yes, we rented a car for a few days and is there anywhere we can park?"

"Yes, I will give you a temporary card for the gate," he said, "just give it
back when you don't need it anymore." I smiled and he continued, "Just fill in
this document and sign it please." I did as he told and handed the form back to
him.

"What should I do when I get my own car?" I asked him.

"Oh, just call the landlord and he will issue a card with the license plate,"
Jose said, "Shall I give you his number?"

"That won't be necessary," I said with smile, "my father knows him quite
well."

Jose smiled back and said "You know Mr Peter?"

"Yes, but I thought he just owned the apartment."

"Oh yes," Jose answered, "and the rest of the building too."

I laughed and thought it was typical for Peter to downplay what he owned. If
you ever saw him you wouldn't think he was as rich as he really was. He had
always made sure everybody knew where he had come from. I rushed back to my
mother who was honking the horn by now as she was blocking traffic a little and
I opened he gate for her.

The moment I stepped from the small hallway into the living area I fell in love
with the apartment. It was beautifully decorated and the furniture was just as
I liked it. I looked to my left into a small kitchen but it had everything I
needed: a stove, a dishwasher and a huge fridge. The kitchen was separated by a
small bar with 4 stools from the living area which had two couches with a low
table in front of them. There were huge windows overlooking the city and two
French doors opened up to a decent size balcony. On the balcony were four
wooden chairs opposite from each other and another table in the middle. To the
right of the balcony I saw a lawn chair where I could tan and a holder for a
parasol. Then there were two rooms to the right of the living area. One of the
was my new bedroom which had a king size bed in it, a wardrobe and a dressed.
On another wall there was a beautiful vanity.

The last room was the bathroom, with two sinks, a bath and a shower. The toilet
was in there too. A dining room table with six chairs completed the living area
and two huge plants completed the look of it all. On the dining room table was
a note addressed to me. 

> Dear Laura, please take good care of my plants. I hand them over to you and I
> fully expect to see them healthy whenever I come over to visit. I took all
> my pictures and paintings with me. I also took all my pots, pans and
> everything else. I hope you like the furniture and what else I did with the
> apartment. I had a very good life in it and I hope so will you.
> PS If my father ever gives you any trouble call me and I will handle him.
> Kisses, Emily.

My mother inspected the apartment and said "This is so nice, I could live here.
And see, now that's smart. They've put railings up there so you don't have to
drill holes in the wall for your pictures. That's really smart."

I unpacked my suitcase into my new dressed and shouted to my mother "I really
like this bedroom. I don't even have to change the colors in here. I love all
of it." My mother came in and said "Wow, this is nice. Ooh, even a vanity?
Whatever are you going to do with that. Maybe a nice desk in here?"

"Leave it mom," I said, "I will find a use for it. And I can study at the
dining table. More than enough space for it and who knows I might be studying
in the library most of the time anyways. They've got all the law books I need
there."

"That's true," my mother replied, "and who am I to tell you what to do in your
own apartment. Oh, that makes me sad. My daughter has her own apartment, come
here honey. Why did you have to grow up this fast?" She took me in her arms and
cuddled me. I giggled and said "I don't know mom, life I guess."

"Well," she said as she let me go, "let's find out what we need to get. I
already saw you need about everything for your kitchen, a few pillows maybe,
some accessories. We need to make this place a little more you. I would love to
see it all done when your father comes over and in order to do that we only
have two days. Chop chop"

The next two days we spent exploring Fort Dix and going from store to store. I
loved how the city center looked. Most of the streets were closed off for cars
and there were these boulevards with trees, grass, benches and out door seating
at almost all the restaurants and bars. It all gave the city center a European
vibe and it was like we were in a different country all together. After two
days everything was ready, I had new pictures on the walls, all the accessories
I would ever need and my bedroom was even better than before.

We were sitting on the balcony enjoying a cup of coffee when we saw my dad
getting out of a cab, I waved the moment he saw us and a few minutes later I
buzzed him in. "The first time I pressed that button," I shouted to my mother
who was still sitting on the balcony enjoying the sun. My father whistled the
moment he stepped into the apartment. "This is nice," he said, "this is so
nice." and I gave him a tour around my new domicile.

He sat down next to my mother and I made him a cup of coffee. As I handed it to
him he said. "Well, I've got some bad news." I stared at him as I sat down
opposite from them, I could never tell if he was joking or actually was serious
so this could go either way.

"Yes, I just got off the phone with Peter. He called whilst I was in the cab,
he asked me about the apartment and I told him I would call him back. So, now
I've seen it I can call him and tell him my daughter won't be moving in."

"What? Why?" I said still not sure where this was going.

"Well, it's just too perfect. I think we will sell the house, the restaurant
and my practice and move in here. You mother agrees and we think it's for the
best that you find a new place to live." His eyes lit up and it just then I
understood he was joking.

"Dad! You scared me!" I shouted and he just laughed.

"But at least one thing I said was true, well two. Peter did call and I told
him I was in cab, the second thing is this apartment is perfect. I am so happy
for you, pumpkin. I really am. There is just one thing missing and after I
finish this I will make sure it will be fixed." I could see he was up to
something, but I also knew he was never going to tell me so I just left it.

Half an hour later my father came back with a huge box in his hands. "40 inch
flat screen TV" it said on the box and my father had a huge smile on his face.
My mother, still enjoying the sun, shouted "He wanted to get that for you.
That's why I made sure you didn't buy that TV we saw. I did text him the make
and model though." I laughed as this was so typical for my parents. My dad who
wanted to buy me anything electronic and my mother who made sure he got
exactly what I liked.

My father spent a good twenty minutes connecting the TV resulting in him
sitting on the couch watching his favorite football team playing. I sat down
next to my mother and said "Now I know why it was so urgent for him to get that
thing," I smiled.

"Did you expect anything else?" she replied and I shook my head "No, and I
wouldn't want him to."

That evening would be the first time I would be alone in the apartment as my
parents had booked a room in a hotel nearby. And I was looking forward to it.
After the football game we went out to get something to eat and found a small
little restaurant nearby. My mother did what everybody who owns a restaurant
does, she inspected the cutlery and was very pleased to see they were
perfectly clean.

We had a lovely dinner and we spent an hour or so walking through the
neighborhood. Sat down outside one of the bars to get something to drink and
had a very nice evening together. My parents dropped me off at the apartment
and left shortly after to check into their hotel.

The next day it was time to return the rental and just as I was about to call
for a cab back to the apartment my father gave me the biggest surprise ever. He
took my hand and after a short walk we stopped at car dealer. "I saw this when
you two were returning the car. What do you think?"

"Well, it's a nice car. Has a nice color, I love red." 

"Yes I know, that's why I bought it."

"What!? We were gone for 10 minutes and you bought a car."

"Well, I took an option. I didn't buy it, yet. What do you think mom? Fancy a
road trip back to White Mountain?"

My mother shook her head "No, no way. I need to be at the restaurant tomorrow."

"Well, what should I do then? I mean I all but bought it already."

"Wait? What?!" I shouted.

"Congratulations sugar," he smiled, "it's for graduating. What do you think?
You like it? The moment I saw it I knew it was perfect for you."

"Thanks dad," I jumped into his arms. "I LOVE IT!"

A salesman came walking up to us saying "I see you've told her?"

My father nodded and said "I think she likes it." and chuckled, "We have a
deal, when will it be ready?"

"Oh, it's ready to go. All the checkups are done, just the paperwork and the
car is yours, well hers."

My father went with the man inside and I sat down in my new car, totally
excited. My mother sat down next to me and said "Yeah, he wanted to do this
ever since he took you in his arms. One of the first things he said was he
would buy you a car for your graduation. No matter what. And you know how your
father is with promises."

After handing me the papers he said "You are insured on our policy and the car
is in our name. But as with everything else --"

"The rest is up to me, I know," I interrupted him, "Does that include tickets?
Or will you pay those too?"

"Oh no, especially the tickets are for you to take care off." he smiled and got
into the back of the car. "Let's get some gas and go back home." he said. While
we were driving he called Peter who arranged for a pass for the gate. "Peter
says it will be ready in two days." my father shouted from the back seat and
continued talking about the football game.

When we arrived at the apartment I opened the gate and parked _my_ car there
for the very first time. It was such a nice little car and I loved it so much.
When we got out I thanked my father again and we informed Jose who was happy to
extend the temporary card for a few days more.

The next day my parents came by one last time before flying home, when I
offered to bring the to the airport they declined. "I've called a taxi," my
father said, "you just stay here and get used to be on your own. It's a big
change, just call us whenever you need us." An hour later the taxi arrived and
within minutes I was all alone, not only in my apartment, but also in this huge
city of almost 16 million people. I smiled when I realized I was one of them
now.
