# Chapter Two
School wouldn't start for another two weeks, giving me time to explore the city
and maybe even find a job. Not that I really needed one, but I wanted to find
one so I could feel a part of this town. Plus I didn't want to be one of those
students who only knew people from school, I wanted to get to know people
outside of school too. One way to achieve that was to get a job I thought.

I could have gotten a job at one of the many restaurants, but I didn't want
too. I had spent all my life in one and I wanted to do something else. So right
after the internet connection was installed I started to look online for any
ideas. Most of hem either asked for some sort of degree, others asked for years
of experience, some of them even asked both.

A bit disappointed I decided to go outside as it was another beautiful day. I
wanted to check how to get to college and I wanted to take a look there too.
Thus far I only knew Kingston from photos and videos. On the map it didn't look
that far so I decided to go walk over there. What might have been short on the
map, was still quite the distance in the real world and I learned going on foot
really wasn't an option.

But the weather was nice and I made the best of it. On my way over I looked at
the people passing me by and I noticed the girls were wearing rather sexy
clothes and there I was all buttoned up. Not that anyone cared but me. It did
make me decide I needed to get some new clothes. The last part of my journey
over to Kingston I walked through an enormous park. It had three ponds with
fountains, statues and lots of grass fields. People were picnicking, throwing
Frisbee's or just having a good time at the park.

I left the park to through the east gate and entered a jungle of office
buildings, one higher than the other. The heights of some of them made me
a little dizzy. I looked around on where to go when my eyes fell on a little
brown sign pointing the way to _Kingston College, 1.6 miles_. 'Another  mile?'
I thought to myself, 'I might get a taxi back, or a bus.'

After another brisk walk the gates of Kingston College appeared in front of me.
My heart skipped a beat and I was overjoyed to see a bus stop nearby the
entrance. "Line 62, I have to remember that." I said to myself. I looked up to
the gate as I walked underneath it. Just one more step and I would enter my new
world. Just as I was about to make that step a guard shouted "Miss? Can I
help you?"

"I just wanted to look around a little. I attending in two weeks. Is it okay?"
I replied. The guard came up to me and said "Sorry, but it's closed to the
public this week. Renovations, preparing for the new school year. I am so
sorry."

"It's okay. Can I at least take a few steps and peek? I will be right here so
you can see me."

He laughed and said "Go on, but stay near." I smiled, took a breath and stepped
over that imaginary line I had drawn. I took a few more steps and there it was,
in all it's glory. All the buildings of Kingston College. My mouth fell open as
it was even more beautiful in real life than it was on those photos or videos
that I knew.

I looked at the guard and said "Wow, I never --"

"I love that reaction," he said, "never gets old. Well, that's long enough.
Please come back now." I did as he told me and slowly walked backwards. I could
hear him chuckle and when I was back I said "What?"

"Nothing," he said, "If you come back next week you can actually look around.
It will be open to the public until the school year starts."

"Oh when the year starts I will be here!" I laughed, "or my parents have paid
for nothing, that's always a possibility."

He chuckled and said "I'll see you again then. Looking forward to it."

"So do I, dear Sir, so do I."

On my way back I took the bus and got out at a stop that I thought was close
enough. I made my way through small streets, ever getting closer to my
apartment. After I took another turn around yet another corner I came by a
store that piqued my interest. _The Lady of the shores_ it was called and in
the window was a sign asking for help. 'It can't hurt to ask,' I thought to
myself. A little bell sounded as I opened the door and inside it was just
magical. There were dresses, corsets, lingerie and some very high heels.
Everything a girl needed to feel sexy without ever getting vulgar, I thought
and marveled at some of the things they were selling.

A middle aged woman came out from the back and said "Hello, can I help you?" I
turned to her and said "Yes, I saw the sign in the window asking for help? Is
that still valid?"

"Yes," she said, "and what makes you think your qualified?"

"Well, I am looking for a job. I just moved here and I will be attending
Kingston in two weeks. I walked by and saw the sign."

"That's not a real answer," she replied.

"No, it isn't," I replied, "But I didn't know this was an interview."

"That might be so, still not an answer."

"Let me think. I'm young, a hard worker, got into Kingston Law so I guess I'm
smart and an easy learner. I don't have any experience working in a shop like
this so you can teach me anything as you like it to be done. And the best
selling point I can think off is that because I'm young I'm cheap."

She laughed and said "No experience, young and a colleges student. Are those
your selling points are are you telling me why I should not consider you?"

"I wouldn't dare telling you what to do with the information I provide. All I
can do is provide it."

"Spoken like a lawyer," she chuckled.

"Well, my father is one so I guess I might have picked up a thing or two."

"That would be more like three or four." she replied.

"Maybe even five," I replied with a smile.

She started laughing and said "So far you have made me like you, now explain
why I should take the next step and hire you."

"First thing I can think off is I like everything you are selling here. Some of
these dresses are just so beautiful. Second of all, as I said, I don't have any
experience working in a store. My mother owns a restaurant, I know all about
hospitality and such. But I do not want to work in a restaurant, I grew up in
one. Third is, because I don't have that experience you can mold me just the
way you like it. As they say its much harder to unlearn something than it is to
learn it in the first place."

"Good answer," she replied, "So if I, as the possible boss, would tell you, as
the possible new employee, to get me a latte, what would you say?"

"Nothing."

"Nothing?"

"No, I would ask a question though."

"A question?"

"Yes, one or two sugars?"

The woman burst into laughter and said "And you said that with a straight face
too. I had no clue where you were going with that. I love it." I just smiled
and waited for her to calm down. When she finally did she told me to wait and
walked to the front of the store, took that sign out of the window and said "I
guess I don't need this anymore."

I cheered and she took me to the back into her little office. There we spoke
some more and she explained she would pay me minimum wage, but I also got a
five percent commission on every sale I made and that could add up quickly she
said. "Most women come here for a complete outfit, dress, stockings, shoes,
garter belt. You name it." I made a quick calculation in my head, the cheapest
dress I had seen still was 600, that still was 30 dollars on commission. If you
then added the shoes, the stockings and everything else it really did add up
quickly.

"Now," she said, "you are attending Kingston and I don't mind you studying
here, just as long as it doesn't interfere with working. You still need to keep
everything neat and clean."

"That's fair," I said.

"And if you can't work just say so. If really needed I can always ask my sister
to fill in."

"Your sister?"

"Yes, she runs some sort of bar downtown and now she thinks she's the next top
restaurateur. I can't believe we ever shared a womb."

We spent some more time together and just as was about to leave she said "Come
back tomorrow, I will have all the paperwork ready to make this official. I
think this might work, I've got a good feeling and I haven't had one of those
for a long time."

On my way back to my apartment I felt really good for myself and thought about
options how I could manage that part of my income. A big part of my parent
agreeing to let me move here they wanted full access to my bank-account until I
turned 21. "At that age," my father said, "you are legally an adult then. Until
then we still are responsible for anything you do." So if I wanted to use that
income for anything that I wanted without them knowing about it I had to come
up with some sort of plan.

I could tell them she paid me in cheques, a method that slowly was declining but
still was common practice with the smaller businesses. That way I could control
what would appear in my bank-account. On the other hand though I really didn't
want to start lying to my parents. This was more than just a white lie, this
simply was bigger than that. I had to find a way I could have full control
about what I earned, so I decided to try honesty and called my parents.

"Hi," I said as soon as my mother answered the phone, "No, nothing's wrong.
Quite the opposite, something happened I want to talk to you about. I was
walking through town today -- What? Yes, I am on my way home now. -- So as I
was saying I was walking through town because I wanted to see how far it was to
walk to school, which by the way is way to far so I took a bus back, but as I
was walking I came across this store and they had a sign asking for help. So I
applied and guess what? I got the job."

"Congratulations!", my mother said, "what kind of shop?"

"Women's fashion," I replied leaving out the part about the sexy clothes they
sold.

"Oh nice, anything I might like?"

"Well, it's a bit on the expensive side and not really your style mom," I
replied with a light chuckle.

"What do you mean? Not quite my style?"

"Well, it's a bit on the sensual side," I said now telling the truth.

"Oh okay. I can be sensual."

"Yes you can, but that's not what I wanted to talk about. You know that deal we
made about having full access to my account?"

"Yes, what about it?"

"Well, I would like to have this money for me. You can still see everything's
being paid from my account or my credit-card. I don't really care about that,
but with this I would love to have some more -- _privacy_."

"Oh," she said, "you aren't going to buy things that are illegal, are you?"

"No mom," I chuckled, "but I would like it if dad didn't know whenever I buy a
bra or underwear, things like that."

"I can understand that," she replied, "Okay, let's put it this way. If we ever
see anything suspicious on your bank-account, like you not paying tuition or
things like that then we will ask you to come explain it to us. If we then ask
for access to your other account, presuming you are getting one, you will grant
us full access, no questions asked, no protests. Agreed?"

"Agreed mom," I replied, "and thanks. Shall I call dad about this?"

"No, he's working and has a few clients today. He asked not to be disturbed
until he called and he didn't call yet. But I will make him understand and
agree to it, don't worry about that. I know how to work him." She laughed and
if there was anybody in this world he knew better to _work_ my dad besides me,
it was my mother.

"Thanks mom," I said.

"No, thank you for being honest with me. I love you honey, but I gotta go.
Customers. Bye."

I loved my mother, she did understand why I wanted and needed some sort of
independence. And this was a nice start to get there, now I could open a new
bank-account and I didn't have to lie to my parents about having one. They knew
and I was fully in agreement with the new arrangement we made.

The following morning the little bell rang as I opened the door of the _Lady_
and Carina was in the front for once, reading some sort of magazine. "Hi," I
said, "I'm back."

Carina looked up and said "Can I help you?"

I blushed and said "Oh, you're her sister, aren't you?"

"Yes, I'm Linda. Carina will be back soon, she's needed to get some paperwork.
Clearly I'm being replaced by some 18 year old young girl. Tss, like going to
Kingston is all that." Linda said.

"Oh, that 18-year-old-young-girl would be me," I replied.

"Yeah, I know. Whoa, sarcasm goes right over your head, doesn't it?"

"No, but insults do."

"Touche," Linda laughed, "I was just kidding. Welcome to the Lady and I am so
happy you will be helping her out. I can't do it anymore, I've got my own
business to run, you know?"

"Yes, you have a bar? Or did I get that wrong?"

"A bar?!", she shouted, "A bar? I own the hottest nightclub in town. I am the
proud owner of _the Maiden_. Only the best club in town!"

I had heard rumors about _the Maiden_, it's name had made it's way to White
Mountain even. It was supposed to be _Sodom and Gomorrah_ brought back to life
again. From what I heard it was a free haven for sex, drugs and rock-and-roll,
but the woman in front of me could as well have been a lawyer at my fathers
practice. She looked respectable and she looked very smart. Besides that all if
it truly had been as the rumors said it was, then it would have been closed
years ago.

"So sorry, but Carina --"

"Don't worry about it, we downplay each others business all the time. She has a
very successful store and I tell everybody she's got a table at a market
somewhere. But don't tell her that I said this place was successful, I won't
hear the end of it, ever!" She smiled.

"It will be our secret," I said and right at that moment the bell sounded again
and Carina walked in.

"Oh good, you're here. Hey Linda, I see you didn't scare my new employee away."

"I did my best, but she wouldn't budge."

"No," I replied, "I'm not afraid of witches."

Linda made a hissing sound and clawed with her left hand "I like her," she said
afterwards, "she fits right in." Carina laughed and said "Would you mind
watching the store for a little longer so we can get this done without
interruptions?"

"Sure, it's not like I have my own business to attend to." Linda responded.

"What business?" Carina replied, "that little coffee corner of yours? I though
it didn't open until 5?"

Linda laughed and went back to her magazine. Once in the office she said "Linda
owns --"

"Yes, she told me, she owns _the Maiden_." I interrupted her.

"Yes, she does. It's a beautiful place, but don't tell her that. I wouldn't
hear the end of it, ever."

"You two really are sisters," I whispered and when Carina asked what I said I
replied with "Oh, nothing. Not important." I could see in her eyes how much she
loved her sister and I simply melted away.

We did the paperwork and when it came to payment I said "I've got an
appointment with the bank right after this. I'm getting a new account for this,
so can I give you the information later?"

"Sure," she replied, "just give it to me when you start, let's say, next week?"

"That would be fine," I replied, "The week after school starts and as soon as I
know my schedule we can make other arrangements. Is that okay?"

"More than okay," Carina replied, "I really have to send Linda home, it's
getting late and she does have her own things to attend to. Thank you for
coming by and I will see you again next Tuesday at 9 sharp."

I got up, got my coat and said bye to Linda who just waved. I had to rush to be
on time for my appointment at the bank. Within half an hour I walked out of
there the proud owner of an all new bank-account. Because I needed some funds
in it in order to activate it I had texted with my mother and she gave me
permission to put 200 dollars in it. "Just pay it back when you get your first
cheque," she texted. Immediately followed by "Your father agrees with it."
which made me smile as I thought how that conversation could have gone.

The next two days were rather uneventful and quite boring, I mainly stayed home
and did things like registering as a resident of Fort Dix and other
administrative tasks I needed to do. All of those things I could do online and
when all of it was done I looked on the city's website for anything that was
happening around town, but most of the festivities were planned around the
first week of college.

Next to the things that needed to be done, I spent most of my time sitting on
my balcony enjoying the weather. I started to feel like I was home and that was
really important to me. When an old friend from home facetimed me I showed her
around the apartment and she was very impressed with it. "I wish I had such an
apartment, you're so lucky!" she said, "I'm going to a dorm next week of
Preston College." Preston wasn't a bad school, not at the least. It wasn't in
the same league as Kingston, but still rather prestigious.

We exchanged pleasantries we both knew we weren't going to keep as we had grown
apart the last year we were in high school and frankly I couldn't have cared
less about it. We were too different even when we were friends and the both of
us were happy with the _acquaintance_ status of our relationship. Still it was
nice to hear from her again.

It was on that Saturday I decided to explore the beach. It was so close now and
I hadn't been there yet. I packed the things I wanted to bring and put on a
bikini underneath my summer dress. After a drive of 30 minutes I arrived at the
parking lot and noticed it was rather busy. I felt the salty breeze the moment
I got out of the car and couldn't stop smiling when I saw the sea as I walked
over the dunes hiding it from sight.

I sat down somewhere on the sand and looked at all the people who were there
with me. All kinds of people in all shapes and sizes, I loved it. To my left a
group were playing volleyball, others were lifting weights. I marveled at the
shapes of the girls and loved how they looked.

I was simply blown away by a girl who passed me, she clearly had fake boobs
because they simply were enormous. I couldn't take my eyes of them and looked
down at mine. I thought she was just beautiful and elegant, but most of all I
loved the way she just flaunted her femininity. She just didn't care what other
people thought of her and I was in total awe of her. Especially when I saw the
attention she got when she passed a couple of boys.

"I wouldn't get that kind of attention," I thought as I spread out my towel,
took off my dress and applied sun screen to my skin. I laid down to catch some
sun and thought "Maybe I should get some bigger boobs too. Maybe I just
shouldn't care what other people think." I was in the biggest city of the
country now and until now there was hardly anyone who knew me. I had set a new
goal for myself and spent a few hours in the sun.

In order not to get sunburned I needed to get out of this burning sun. I put my
dress back on, collected all my stuff and walked towards my car. On my way over
I saw that girl again, she was sitting in on of the chairs outside the beach
bar. She sat right in front, clearly wanting to be seen. Well she was
successful with it, I thought.

On I didn't want to go home right away, so I decided to drive around for a
while. The richest of the rich lived in the area near the beach and mostly
consisted of gated communities and my navigation send me the wrong way multiple
times. When I finally found my way out of that maze, I was farther west than I
wanted and the warnings given to me about this part of town went through my
head all over again. "Don't go to far west, it can be very dangerous there," I
heard Emily say, "It's gang territory and it wouldn't be the first time they
abducted a pretty white girl like you."

As soon as I could I made a left turn, back to safety. As I drove through the
neighborhood full of dilapidated buildings the desperation some people would
feel became clear to me. These people were poor, could only get the lowest
paying jobs so resulting to crime might be seen as the only way out. Sure the
city was doing it's best to elevate the standard of living out here, but as far
as I could see it didn't show any results yet. As I drove through these streets
I drove along Lincoln Street, the main road in and out of this God forsaken
part of town. To my right I saw girls walking up and down a few yards, like
they all had their own little territory.

At first I wondered why they were there, then it hit me. These were street
hookers showing off their wares. Almost all of them wore high heels and all of
them were dressed as sexy as they could. A few of them couldn't even be older
than 16! At first I felt sorry for them, then I started to wonder how it would
feel being there on this street flaunting your body for money or even, to be
blunt, selling sex for some bucks.

When a strip mall appeared to my left I turned into it and parked my car near
the street. The girls were parading on the other side and I could clearly see a
few of them. I wasn't thinking about their situation anymore, or how it came
that they felt the need to do what they were doing, I was imagining it being me
between those girls. I concentrated on one specific girl, one of just a few
white girls. I watched the way she walked on those heels, how she made her
hips sway just that little bit extra and how she made her back arc so her boobs
would visible a little more. I didn't just watch her, I studied her.

Suddenly all the girls were looking in the same direction, fear on their faces
and all of the scattered into all directions. Just seconds later it became
clear why. From both sides multiple police cars came with whaling sirens. Cops
jumped out of the cars chasing some of the girls, arresting just a few. One of
them was that girl I had been studying. At that moment I did feel sorry for
her, what she did shouldn't be illegal. It was the oldest profession in the
world so why was it illegal? "Maybe I will to criminal law," I whispered to
myself, "that way I could defend them and help them." A few seconds later I
thought "But to fully understand them, I would have to do what they do.",
immediately dismissing it. But little did I know at the time, a seed had been
planted.

I started the car, fully intending to drive home but as I drove towards the
exit of the parking lot I saw a big sign stating _Dollar Store_. I parked the
car near the entrance and went inside. Everything really was priced in dollars,
not 3.99, but 4 dollars for example. I still needed things for my bathroom
anyway so I got a basked and filled it with shampoo, shower gel, a couple of
sponges and other knickknacks. They had a whole section full of clothes and I
browsed that for a while. I got myself a packet of 6 stretch mini-skirts in all
kinds of colors. Some tight tank tops in different colors, a crop-top and when
my eyes fell on a section in the back my eyes lit up a little.

What I saw were the most sexy clothes they had for sale. I got a semi-
translucent black top, three of what they called _under boob shirts_ and two
corsets in my size, a black and a pink one. When my eyes fell on the shoes
I went over to look at those too. I got myself three pairs of 6 inch high
heels. My basket was getting rather full when I saw a translucent black
negligee I couldn't resist.

My heart was pounding a little as I went through the register to pay for what I
had in my basked, but the girl didn't flinch once, she plainly said "That will
be 64 dollars" and her eyes didn't reveal any thoughts about what I was
purchasing. After the transaction she just handed me my bag and went on the
next customer. 'Wow,' I thought, 'I might return here one day.' And to be
honest if the shoes hadn't been on sale it might have been a lot more I spent
that day.

It was almost an hour later when I finally got home. As I went through the
front-door Jose waved for me to come inside. "What's up?" I asked him and he
replied "Nothing much, but you are still using that temporary card I gave you."

I started laughing and said "Oh my Lord, I totally forgot." I handed him the
card and he gave me my official one. It had my license-plate on it and my
photo, sometimes it's handy that your father knows the landlord. Clearly Peter
had asked my dad for a picture because this was a copy of the one I knew he had
in his wallet. I needed to get him a more recent one I reminded myself.

"Thanks Jose and I'm sorry," I said as I was about to leave. I turned around
and asked him "How's your wife doing? Is she getting better?" His wife had
been ill for quite some time now and I always wanted to ask him. He looked up
and said "A little, it's a struggle but we're getting there. Thanks for
asking." I slapped the post and said "Well, wish her the best from me please."
and walked towards the elevator.

Once inside my apartment I placed the knickknacks into the bathroom together
with the shampoo and the shower gel. I threw all the clothes I had bought on my
bed and just stared at them for a while. 'Would I ever dare to wear clothes
like that outside?' I wondered. As simple as that I had set myself a challenge,
a first hurdle to cross. I was going to learn how to walk in those heels and
get used to wearing those clothes, then one day when I was ready for it I would
go outside in them. Maybe I could first just sit on my balcony?

It was already getting rather late and I made myself a simple dinner, as I sat
at my table eating I opened up my laptop and caught up with the latest news and
on social media I responded to some posts of friends and family. After dinner I
cleaned the kitchen, but didn't just want to sit on my couch to watch some TV.
As a matter of fact I hadn't watched much TV at all, at least not as much as I
would do when I still lived in White Mountain.

My eyes fell on the clothes still strewn all over my bed and I held one of the
corsets in my hands. I tool off my shirt and put it on, it was a bit of a
struggle and it felt really tight already and hadn't even pulled the strings
yet. I looked around for something I could hook them on, finally settling on a
hook in the wall of the kitchen.

I took a few steps forward tensing up the laces and then took another step. The
corset tightened up and as I breathed out I took another step, then another and
a another. The corset was really tight now and I did my best to keep it that
way as I tied the laces, but couldn't help the corset getting loose again. So I
repeated the process a few times before I got it right.

I placed my hands on my very restricted waist and although it hurt a little I
loved the way the corset made me feel. After just a few minutes I undid the
knot and was very happy to be able to breath normally again. I rubbed my waist
for a few minutes before I reattached the laces to that hook again. This time I
pulled them even tighter then before, managed to tie the laces and just stood
there experiencing the restrictiveness of the corset. I started to walk across
my apartment, trying my best to breath. It took me a few minutes before I
managed to do so and from that moment the feeling to much better and I started
to smile. Another goal set, I wanted to get used to wearing a corset as tight
as it would go.

It was such a relief to take it off after about ten minutes or so, I just
couldn't take it anymore. I took the corset off and walked into my bedroom. I
pulled a black mini-skirt from the package and chose the crop-top to go with
it. I looked at myself in the mirror and decided to wear one of the _under boob
shirts_. It was tight and showing my under boobs like promised. I stared at the
pink letters on the black shirt, it spelled the word _SLUT_ and I loved it. I
sat down on a chair and put a pair of the heels on. They were black too and as
I stood up I supported myself with my left hand on the dresser.

Before I even took one step I just stood there for a moment, rocking my feet
from back to front just to get used to the way I had to stand in them. Then I
took as normal a step as possible, I had to shorten my stride in order to do so
and I was still supporting myself on the dresser. Another step or two and I
reached the end of the dresser and I had to let go. Three more steps, then
another four and I was through the door of my bedroom.

I took some more steps and eventually made it to the bar dividing the kitchen
from the living area. I turned around and walked back again, with every turn it
got easier and after about 20 minutes of going back and forth I walked like
normal in them. I couldn't resist a smile and loved the way they made my hips
sway a little more. I finally understood how that girl I saw did it. She didn't
do it on purpose, it were the shoes that made her walk that way.

I walked into my bedroom again and looked at myself in the mirror. I smiled at
what I saw, it was just so _feminine_. All I wondered was how this shirt would
look if I had my big breasts. For the first time I sat down at my vanity and
did my makeup as slutty as I knew how. Back in the living area I got out my
phone, placed it on the table and set the camera app to take a series of
photos. I posed as sexy as I could and giggled when I saw the results. Then I
repeated it again, this time I pulled up my shirt exposing my breasts to the
camera.

I pulled my shirt down again and stood in front of the doors leading up to the
balcony for a while before I opened them and stepped on to the balcony. If
anyone looked up from the street below they could easily see me through the
glass balustrade. I leaned over the balustrade a little, fully aware of the
fact that if someone looked up they could see up my shirt. In a flash of
insanity, I don't know what to call it otherwise, I pulled it up and flashed my
boobs. Right after I ran inside, giggling all the way. Hoping that no one had
seen me.

After opening my laptop I downloaded the photos from my phone and deleted them
on my phone. I didn't want anyone who got hold of my phone to ever see them. I
wore that outfit for the rest of the night and the following morning after I
had showered I put on a different skirt and the crop-top. I put on the next
pair of heels and proceeded to make myself a cup of coffee. With a steaming bug
in my hand I sat down on the balcony, enjoying the Sunday-morning sun.

When I opened the fridge I noticed I had to get some groceries, I was almost
out of everything. Even the serial boxes were almost empty, for a moment I
thought about changing into my _regular_ clothes, but opted not to. It wasn't
like this outfit was showing anything inappropriate, was it? I grabbed my purse
and a shopping bag so I didn't have to carry those stupid paper bags they gave
you, took a deep breath before I opened the door to step into the hallway
leading to the elevator. As it was Sunday Jose wouldn't be there, which made
this a little easier for me.

When the elevator doors opened I stepped out, greeted the watchman as I passed
him and stepped into the early Sunday morning sun, which felt so good on my
skin. I placed my sunglasses on my nose, went through my hair with my right
hand and started walking towards the supermarket down the street. Even though
it had been an experiment, the way they had planned it all had made _Brighton_
the most desirable part of the city and I was so lucky that I got to live
there. It is so loved that when a major developer wanted to buy up real estate
to build a big mall, all the residents protested against it and won. The houses
were renovated and now are ones of the most expensive in the neighborhood.

As I walked I listened to the clacking sounds of my heels and couldn't resist a
little smile. I was actually doing it, I was walking on six inch heels outside.
At first I was fully aware of my surroundings and checked if anyone was looking
strangely at me, but no one was and the farther I went the more secure I felt
about myself. Even in the store nobody seemed to care about my clothes and it
made me wish I had put on something a little more sexy, a little more
provocative.

Once back in my apartment I sat down feeling so content with myself, I had
actually done it. I had walked outside on my six inch high heels and I wanted
more of it. I wanted to go somewhere else and parade along the boulevards of
the city center, I wanted to be amongst the people of this city. But first I
needed some breakfast.

The moment I was ready to go I changed my mind and after a short visit to my
bedroom I stepped into the hallway wearing a pink under boob shirt with a large
print saying _Bimbo in Training_ on it. If I was going to do this for real, I
wanted to make a statement. To my utter relief the guard wasn't in his office
and I went through the door leading to the parking lot behind the building.

I got into my car and drove towards the city center, where I parked on one of
the many lots they had created when they closed of the roads to turn them into
the boulevards they are now. I sat there for a moment contemplating if I
actually was going to do this. I looked down and wished I had brought a
different shirt, seeing all those people walking there was really intimidating
to me. Here I was, little miss respectable, dressed like a slut and very, very
scared of actually getting out of the car.

I did get out and with every step I took I checked if anybody was looking at
me, finally after what seemed to me like ages I reached the parking meter. I
filled it with a few dollars and now I had payed to park for at least three
hours. After placing the little slip behind my windshield I took a deep breath,
closed my eyes, turned around and took my first step to liberation. Liberation
from the restrictions I had felt all my life, a first step to feeling free to
wear anything I wanted to wear, to be as feminine as I wanted to be.

After those first few steps I opened my eyes and really wanted to get back into
my car before anyone would see me. But I didn't I kept on walking until I
realized I was actually doing it, I was walking through the crowded boulevard
wearing a sexy shirt, showing everybody I was a _bimbo in training_ and I loved
it. My heart was racing all this time, especially when I entered a store. I
stopped at the makeup section and got myself a whole lot of makeup, eye lashes,
nails and what else I needed. Basically I purchased everything I always wanted
but never dared to buy.

After about an hour of going from store to store I was more confident that
nobody seemed to care about the way I was dressed, another hour later I
returned to my car feeling excited that I had actually done it. I placed my
purchases on the other seat, started the car and went home.

The first thing I did was to take off my shoes, my feet were killing me but it
was a pain of victory that I felt. I rubbed my feet for a while until the pain
resided a little. I opened my bag and giggled at what I had bought. I sat down
at the table and read the instructions on how to apply the fake nails. I had
bought them in several lengths and chose to try the longest ones I had gotten
myself.

It took me almost an hour to apply them but after quite a few mistrials there
they were, my long fake nails and it made me feel so good about myself. In
order to make them even more beautiful I painted them bright pink. Another
fifteen minutes later I giggled when I looked at my hands, they looked so
feminine now with those long nails. It did need some getting used to, but as
always I wasn't going to give up that easily.

I then proceeded with doing the rest of my makeup, bright red lips, a lot of
concealer and eye shadow later I stared at myself in the mirror, now I really
looked like the bimbo I felt inside. I could hardly recognize myself as I
looked in that mirror. I put the heels back on, placed my phone on the table
again and posed for another series of photos. In one of them I even had my
panties half way down my legs and I prowled innocently into the camera. I was
getting better at this, I thought to myself.

I set the phone to take another series of photos, but now I sat down on one of
the stools and spread my legs a little more on each one taken. In the last one
I spread my lips showing the pink inside my little wet slit. I got really
excited taking those photos and when the last one was taken I changed the
camera into video mode.

A little red dot indicated it was recording and I placed it on the table once
more. With my heart beating loudly I stepped into frame, moved my body a
little, lifted up my shirt and sat down on that stool again. I started to
masturbate on camera and the whole idea of recording myself doing it excited me
so much I almost came instantly. But I resisted and held off for a while. I
started to moan, pant and when I felt my new nails entering me I could resist
any longer, I had the biggest orgasm I had ever felt and to my utter surprise I
even squirted.

I stopped the recording and sat down to think about what I had just done. I
really needed to get this off my phone before it was uploaded to the cloud.
What if anybody would see it? Another voice said "Who cares?" and before I knew
it I was at it again, this time I had placed my phone on the table next to the
couch and I had spread my legs, pushing my fingers inside me as far as they
would go. The mere fact I was recording excited me so much and while I was
doing it I knew I was hooked, this was just too much fun.
