# Chapter One
The music was thumping, I could feel the beats in my stomach. Couldn't believe
I was actually doing it. My husband had suggested doing something like this
months ago and I had resisted for the longest time. Yet here I was, sitting at
the bar wearing a sexy outfit. I looked up from the glass in front of me to see
if I could find him. My husband was sitting at the other end of the bar acting
like he didn't see or notice me, but every now and then he glimpsed into my
direction. We had agreed upon a sign with which I could indicated I wanted to
stop, abandon it all and go home, or at least back to the hotel.

It had begun so playfully, just an exercise in trust. We had gone through a
rough patch in our relationship, we both worked a lot much to the detriment of
what once was between the two of us. We had grown apart, had become more like
friend with benefits even though those were few and far between. There had
always been some reason not to be together like that, sometimes those reasons
were valid but mostly they just were excuses not to do it. The both of us felt
our marriage was falling apart.

Instead of calling it a day, we sat down one day to have _the talk_. The both
of us were open and honest, for the first time in years we told each other the
cold hard truth. He had told me he had been faithful to me, that he had been
tempted but never even had given into that temptation. He told me he still
loved me, didn't want to lose me, just all the words I needed to hear coming
from him. I started crying, told him I felt the same way and wanted to fight
for our marriage.

During one of the sessions of marriage counseling the therapist told us about
this exercise. Simply put it was to tell each other our fantasies, the things
that turned us on. "If you know what your partner fantasizes about," she said,
"makes it possible for you to play into that fantasy. Like, for example, let's
say a woman fantasizes about being picked up at a bar. What you could do is
role play. Go to a bar separately and act like you don't know each other, but
do it to the fullest. No wedding rings, do not use your real names even.
Pretend that it's real. That way you can play out that fantasy of her and
satisfy something she is longing for. It all starts with being honest about
your fantasies, it will be awkward at first don't get me wrong. But the more
you try it, the easier it will get. Just take it slow, baby steps."

We had already implemented one of her advises. We had freed our Friday
evenings, blocked it on our agenda's. We both got home around four in the
afternoon, switched off our work phones together, just to spent some quality
time together. It had done miracles for our relationship. I had rediscovered
why I had fallen in love with him, he realized he wasn't doing the things he
did when we first moved in together anymore. The third Friday we had together
he came home with the biggest bouquet of flowers he had ever gotten me.
Attached was a simple card with just one word on it: Sorry. I started to cry
when I read it, hugged him and felt the butterflies I hadn't felt for him in
such a long time.

By the time the therapist gave us the exercise that would lead to me sitting at
this bar everybody who knew us, friends and family, knew Friday's were reserved
for us. Sure we still went to the occasional birthday party or other social
event, but they all knew not to call us for anything but an emergency on a
Friday night.

During one of those nights we sat at our dining room table, all the lights were
dimmed just the lights from the candles eliminated our faces. We just sat
there, looking at each other. He looked so handsome in that flickering light.

"We've come far," he said, "I am so happy we fought for us. I think I might
love you even more now than I ever did. You had so many chances to just walk
away from it all, but you stayed with me. I am so thankful for that."

"Thank you," I replied, "I am happy too, I love our Friday nights. Couldn't
imagine living without it anymore. I look forward to theses and not just
because it's the start of the weekend. It's because I get to spend time with
you, my best friend, my lover, my husband. I chose to spend the rest of my life
with you and this makes it all worthwhile. I love you so much, you will never
fully understand how deep it goes for me, just know I would do anything for
you. To make you happy is the most important task I have."

"Do you mean that?" he whispered, "Do you really mean that?"

"Yes," I replied, "within limits of course. I wouldn't kill or anything like
that, but for the rest? Yes."

He chuckled and said "Darn it, I just wanted to ask you to take care off Chris.
He's such a pain in the ass at work." I laughed. Chris was his boss and
although they were good friends Chris could be a hard ass sometimes. "But
seriously, do you remember that exercise Julie gave us? The one were we have to
be honest about our fantasies?"

"Yes," I whispered, "I've been thinking a lot about that one."

"Me too," he replied, "I think I want to try it. Even if it's just to test the
waters. We both still have secrets from each other. That's not a bad thing,
Julie made me realize that. But I thing I might want to be more open and honest
with you, open up the gates to my fantasies. What do you say?"

My heart started beating faster. On the one hand I felt anxious about doing so,
on the other hand it might be exciting too. I just wasn't sure. Then the words
Julie had said rang in my ears: "Sometimes you have to make sacrifices to
please your partner. That goes both ways, if sacrifices are only made on one
side it's better to quit and start over with someone else."

I hadn't made any sacrifices but for the Friday afternoons, he had made bigger
ones. He had to fight to get the time off from work by promising he would make
up for the time lost on other days. Maybe it was time for me to give in a
little, to go somewhere I didn't feel comfortable, to step out of that safe
zone. "I'm not really comfortable with this," I whispered, "but I am willing to
try and do my best."

He smiled "Baby steps like Julie said, baby steps. We will take it slow and
easy at first. Like, what were your dreams when you were little? What did you
want from a husband? Where you looking for that knight in shining armor?"

I chuckled "Oh yes, yes I did. I wanted to be Snow White, kissed back to life
by the prince. I had her dress and everything. It was my favorite part of the
fairy tale and even better the movie. I just loved it so much."

"Isn't that every girls dream?"

"Maybe, but for me it was more than that. Meeting a man, falling in love at
first sight, getting married, having kids and living happily ever after? Wow. I
wanted that until I was about 13 years old."

"What changed?"

"My parents divorced. Suddenly I was confronted with the harsh reality of being
in a long term relationship. I had always felt something wasn't right between
them. They had never fought in front of me, there just were these looks, these
jabs at each other. When my mother told me it was like my whole world
collapsed, especially when she told me my father had met another woman and had
been cheating on her for almost three years."

"Wow, that must have been hard."

"Yeah, but I told you all that, didn't I?"

"Yes," he replied, "but I want to hear it again. It's something important that
happened to you and because of that it's important to me. So please, continue."

"Well, I don't know what to say. Maybe just that I am grateful they went their
own way the way they did. No more fights, they knew it was important for me to
still have a relationship with my dad. And although we had a rocky start I even
like Becky now, she never tried to be my mom. She always said she was just
Becky and that she will never accept me calling her mom, because she simply
isn't. Maybe that's why I retreated into myself, why I didn't speak up. I
recognized all the signs between us and was so scared we would end up like my
parents did."

"I thing I understand," he replied, "I will never fully understand, I guess. My
parents are still together, as you know. But, please look at me, I am here to
stay. I love you and do not want to lose you for anything in the world. I hope
you realize that by now."

I just nodded, feeling a tear roll down my cheek. "Yes, I know." I whispered,
"I know." We kissed and the butterflies in my stomach all decided to fly
together, I hadn't felt like that in a long time. "But this isn't the
exercise," I whispered, "You knew all of this already, this wasn't a secret."

"No it wasn't," he replied, "I just wanted to show you that I am willing to
listen to anything you have to say. That I'm here for you, for anything and
always. And to be honest with you, I asked Julie the best way to start this
because I knew it would be hard on you. She told me to ask about something I
already knew and that it had to be something of real importance for you,
something meaningful, something that made you who you are today. Your parents
divorce was one of the most important things that ever happened to you. It made
you into the woman I fell in love with, caring, loving and more than anything
kind."

I chuckled "So you admit you needed some help?"

He burst into laughter "You might say that," he said after he had calmed
down, "Yes, I needed some help. Happy now?" He had always been so adamant
about being independent, about never needing or wanting help. If I hadn't
insisted on counseling he would never have gone, but he did it for me. I was
fully aware of that fact. It was yet again another sacrifice he had made for
me, another reason for me to make one.

I looked into his eyes and whispered "I've always wanted -- oh, this is so
hard," I took a deep breath, thought for a moment and continued. "In college I
had a friend, Marisha. She was the total opposite from me. She was open,
outgoing and just a lot of fun to be around. One night we were at a party and
she had gone to the bathroom. As it had been a while I started to look for her
and when I found her I saw her down on her knees in front off two boys. She had
both their -- penises in her hands, one of them in her mouth. I just gasped and
ran out of the house we were in. Have I ever told you this story?"

"No," he replied, "but I am mesmerized. Go on."

"Well, I got into her car, crying. When she found me there I demanded for her
to bring me home. I didn't want to be there anymore. Not because I was so
appalled by what she had done, no. She had confronted me with something I had
always fantasized about. Every party I went to I had felt this urge, this need
inside me to just let go, to just have some fun. I just never could. By the
time a boy made advances I pushed them away. Still that fantasy was and still
is real."

"So," he said carefully, "you dreamed about being a slut?"

With my eyes I threw daggers at him "No! What I am saying is that I fantasize
about doing it somewhere you could get caught. Just the thought of it turns me
on, like doing it outside somewhere."

"Okay," he said after a while, "sorry for using that term. I just wanted to
make sure I fully understood. So, your fantasy is about doing it in public or
somewhere more -- exciting."

I nodded "Yes, the bedroom just isn't that exciting anymore. But enough about
me, tell me yours. What is your fantasy?"

"You really want to know?" I just nodded.

"Well," he scraped his throat, shuffled on his seat and slowly started talking.
"Well, it's quite something different. And please do not get mad at me, it's
just a fantasy and we promised each other to be open and honest." I nodded
again, anxiously waiting for him to tell me.

He shuffled again and softly said "I've had this fantasy for years, I can't
remember how long. It all started when someone told me about what they were
doing to spice up their life. It was on that trip to Fort Dix remember? The
first one I went on before we were married?" I nodded again.

"Well, he told me they were _swingers_. They went to clubs where they both
could be with other people. He told me how much he loved seeing her with
another man. He even showed me a video she had taken of herself being with a
black man in their bedroom. He told me he loved seeing her being satisfied by
another man. He also said they had made strict rules about it, one of them was
to always be open and honest about it. To tell when they had been with another
person or were going to be."

He was quiet for a moment before he said "At first I couldn't imagine it for
us, then I started thinking about it and the more I thought about it the more
it turned me on. But I also knew you would never want to do such a thing, so I
kept it to myself. I would never want you to do anything you didn't want to do,
I would never force you. But the longer time went on the bigger the fantasy
became and there were quite a few times I wanted to tell you, I just was so
scared about how you would react. But that's my deepest fantasy, watching you
be with another man."

I was dumbfounded by what he had told me. He just couldn't be serious, could
he? I mean, it was part of the exercise to be open and honest, but this? He
basically told me he wanted me to cheat on him, didn't he? I just was so
confused about it. Did he just tell me to do the thing that drove my parents
apart? I felt an anger rising inside me, then looked at him, saw the fear in
his eyes and melted. He had been truthful and honest with me, I could see he
was about to cry and I placed my hands on his cheeks to kiss him.

"I am so glad you told me," I whispered, "and yes you're right. I will never do
such a thing, but maybe we could find a way to satisfy that part without
crossing my boundaries. Let's try to find a solution together."

"Yes," he replied, "same goes for you. Maybe we could find a way to make it
more risky. You know what we could do? Let's take a long weekend together,
let's go somewhere nobody knows us. That way we both could feel a little more
safe, a little more comfortable."

That's basically how we ended up in this bar, with me sitting at one end, him
at the other. We had agreed that I would enter the bar a few minutes after him
and sit down at the bar alone. The spot where my ring used to be felt awkwardly
naked now that my ring was on the nightstand at the hotel. We had booked a long
weekend in Fort Dix, the capital and on the total opposite side of our country.
As it is a city of millions we both felt it would give the both of us some
degree of safety as the chance of meeting someone either of us knew were slim
to nothing.

The first night we were there we had gone out for dinner to a fancy restaurant,
he had treated me like a princess and the night ended with us having sex on the
balcony of our hotel room. Just the thought of someone walking out on theirs
and seeing us had turned me on so much I had multiple orgasms. The thing that
was so hard for me to do had come so easily when we were on that balcony.

Now it was my turn to please him. I had made a big effort to look nice and
sexy, we even had bought this dress earlier that day especially for this
occasion. My heart was pounding all day, I hadn't looked forward to this moment
not for a second, but I had made a promise and I wasn't one to break promises.

We had been there for almost twenty minutes before the first man started to
talk to me. He used one of those slimy opening lines like 'You come her often?'
or something. I just smiled, said no and felt really uncomfortable. The guy
then asked my name and I gave him the one we had agreed upon: Iris. After
talking for a few minutes he gave up as with every answer he felt I was holding
back and he just left. I took a deep breath, looked at my husband in a slight
panic but didn't give him the signal I wanted to go. No, I wanted to do this
for him. I needed to loosen up and just have fun with it.

I took a sip of my drink and thought I wasn't quite drunk enough for this. Just
as I was about to order, the bartender walked up to me with another
cosmopolitan. "Courtesy of that man," he said and pointed to a rather handsome
man sitting just a few seats from me, just around the corner of the bar. I
lifted up my glass to thank him and watched him get up from his seat to walk
over to me. The closer he got the faster my heart started to beat. With my eyes
I followed him all the way and just before he sat down next to me I glanced
over to the other side of the bar. My husband was sitting there with a huge
smile on his face, ever so slightly he nodded to encourage me to continue.

As the man sat down I turned my head to him. "Thanks for the drink," I said.

"You're welcome," he replied, "just tell me. Whats a woman like you doing all
alone in a bar like this?"

That was quite the opening, I thought. "Well, that's a long story," I replied,
"don't think you want to hear it right now."

"Why? I have some time on my hands."

I looked at him, smiled and said "That might be so, it still doesn't mean I'm
going to tell you."

He laughed "Touche. I love a woman that knows how to strike back. So what's
your name?"

"Iris," I replied, "Just Iris."

"Okay, do I call you Iris or Just. It can't be both."

I burst into a laugh. This time he had me cornered and I said "You know what I
mean. Don't play dumb. It's Iris."

"Well, Iris. My name is Jim and it's nice to see a smile on that pretty face."

As we sat there and talked I glimpsed at my husband a few times, every time he
encouraged me to go a little farther, something that wasn't as hard for me as I
thought it would be. I liked Jim, he was fun and easy to talk to. From the
corner of my eyes I kept track on my husband reactions. At first when I placed
my hand on Jim's shoulder, then when I touched his hand and especially when Jim
put his arm around my waist and invited me to dance.

The last time I had danced with my husband was during our wedding day, he just
didn't like it but he had taken lessons just for the occasion. This time I was
on a dance floor in the arms of a man I had just met with my husband sitting
at the bar looking at us. Every time we spun around I glanced at him sitting
there with a huge smile on his face, the more we danced the more comfortable I
got with the whole situation, it might even have turned me on a little feeling
those strange arms around me.

At one point my husband got up, gave me a signal as it was time for us to go. I
made up some excuse about needing to get up early and asked at the bar to call
me a cab. Jim waited outside with me for the cab to arrive, he opened the door
for me and before I realized what happened we kissed. I giggled and quickly got
into the cab.

I arrived back in the hotel a few minutes before my husband did. He was totally
excited and within minutes we were in bed together. "Oh," he panted, "seeing
you in his arms was so, so sexy. Did you like it? You liked it, didn't you?"

"Just a little," I whispered with a smile, "but I like your arms the best."

"Oh, and than that moment when you kissed him," he said as he slid his hard
cock inside me, "that was simply the best. Tell me, how far were you willing to
go? Would you have sex with him? Would you have fucked him? Tell me, you can
lie if you want to. I just need to hear you say it."

I moaned as I felt him enter me, I pulled him closer and whispered in his ear
"No, I wouldn't have. But would you want to see me like that? Huh, would you?
To see your wife sucking another mans cock? Huh? Would you?" He nodded fiercely
and panted "Yes."

"Oh, would you now? So you wouldn't mind if I had gotten on my knees for him.
Taking his cock deep inside my mouth, to see me gag on his cock. Oh my god,
yes, harder. What about if I had offered myself to him? What if I had turned my
back to him, opened my legs and let him fuck me? Would you like to see that?
Huh, your wife fucking some random guy she just met in a bar? Huh, don't deny
it I can feel it. Every time I tell you about fucking some random guy you fuck
me harder, oh my god yes! Would you like to see that? How I spread my legs for
some guy I just met, how I show them my boobs, have them suck them as they fuck
me. Oh yes, yes, yes, fuck me! Oh yes, I want you to fuck me like they would.
Oh yes, I want to fuck them too. I loved it, wanted more from him. I wanted him
to fuck me so bad. I wanted you to watch me fuck him. Oh yes, yes, yes, I want
to be a slut for you, I want to be your whore. Oh my god, I'm coming, I'm
coming pretending you're some stranger that fucks me. O my GOD!!!!" I had the
biggest orgasm I had ever felt in my life. But this went deeper than that
orgasm, this experience had lit a fire within me, a fire I didn't know I had.

That moment between us I realized I had shared the fantasy of being with
another man with my husband, it had always been buried deep inside me. Maybe
because it was the reason my parents got divorced, I don't know. But that night
during sex I realized I wanted to be with other men.

My husband had never come so hard as during that time we had sex. Clearly he
loved hearing me talk about being with other guys. From that night every time
we had sex I would come up with some story. They went from me picking up a guy
at a bar to having sex with the delivery guy or the pool guy. We started
watching swinger porn videos together and videos off women with black men.

One day he surprised me with a huge black dildo he had bought online. The
fantasies became more and more alive, he watched me getting off on that dildo.
I even made some videos for him riding that big piece of silicone. The more we
fantasized about it, the more real the stories got. From random people we
started talking about people we both knew, real people. I caught myself
masturbating to one of my co-workers one day, totally wishing he would just
take me right there on my desk.


