# My Dirty Little Secret
_a series of erotic tales by Transgirl_

## Keeping Innocence

### Disclaimer
In all my stories I describe a country that doesn't really exist. It's basically
a mixture of several different countries, like the USA, Australia and countries
within Europe. So don't take it out on me if you read things that aren't wholly
according to reality, this is a story. I made it all up. Get over it.

Any resemblance to any person either living or dead is purely coincidental.

### Chapter One
Greendale had once been a bustling town, with lots of shops but as with almost
all towns in the rural areas it had lost its former glory when all the big
factories closed their doors. People had moved away, the once thriving shops
and restaurants were all boarded up and the trains were coming only twice a
day. On the dilapidated platform stood a small group of people, sheltering for
the downpour of rain underneath what little shelter was left. The group was
clearly a family as the older woman kept putting her arms around the younger
one. "Make sure you call us when you arrive," she said for the thousandth time,
the younger woman just nodded her head.

The ghosts of yesterday were haunting the platform with ads that hadn't been
changed in years. One was for a product that had been recalled for some reason 
right after it had been launched. The fact it was still hanging on the wall of
the station was a good indicator of how low Greendale had fallen. Soon the only
families left were the farmers who simply had nowhere to go as their properties
had become all but unsalable. Jennifer's family was one of them, their farm had
been in the family for almost 150 years and her father wasn't willing to sell
it. At least not yet.

Jennifer had just turned 18 and was one of the very few young people left. Now
it was time for her to go as well. She had gotten a job as a nanny for a rich
family in Port Royale, a metropolis on the East Coast. She was hoping to earn
enough so she could pay her way through college at some point, until then she
just was going to look after the two kids, Milos of 9 and Dana of 6. She had
always loved working with children and had been a babysitter ever since she was
12 years old. Her kind, innocent nature made her almost irresistible for
children their age.

"Do you have everything?" her father asked.

Jennifer nodded "I think so. Oh, I am so nervous already and it's still eight
hours before I even get there."

"You will be fine," her father said, "You're a Thomas aren't you?"

"Yes dad, I'm a Thomas," she chuckled, "I'm still sorry Mike couldn't come. I
would have loved to say goodbye to him."

From the corner of her eyes she saw a glimpse of a shadow rushing through the
heavy rain fall. It hadn't rained this hard in years, or at least not as she
could remember. She gasped when she recognized who was running up to them, it
was Mike, her boyfriend of almost four years. They had started thinking about
getting married before he went off to become a marine, but fate intervened when
she landed this job. "Just let us safe up some money first," she had said,
"That way we can have a decent wedding."

"Sure, you just want a nice dress," he had chuckled, "Just admit it."

Remembering that day made her chuckle all over again. The moment Mike was close
she dropped the bag she was holding and jumped unto his strong arms. She
couldn't have cared less about how wet he was. "You're here!" she almost
shouted and a tear appeared in her eyes.

"You really think I would just let you go?" he whispered in her ear. "I can't
stay for long however," he said as he put her down, "I'm on my extended lunch
break and I promised to be back in about twenty minutes. Hi there, Mr and Mrs
Thomas. Nice to see you again."

"Likewise," Jennifer's father replied, "And when are you off?"

"In two days," Mike answered, "I'm so excited. It's going to be hard, very
hard. But I think I can make it." He turned to Jennifer and continued "And when
I do I will come to Port Royale in full uniform. I will make you so proud of
me."

"I already am," Jennifer responded. She wanted to say more but the whistle of
the train told them her moment of departure had arrived. They quickly gathered
her luggage and made their goodbyes. The sound of the train stopping was almost
deafening and when it stopped Jennifer's father opened the door for her.
Jennifer got on and blew some kisses goodbye. Mike placed her two bags beside
her and she made her way into the carriage. She found a window near her family
who all were waving. She couldn't help but cry a little, she had never ever
been so far away from home in her life and she wondered how she would do
without them. But she was 18 now and it was time to stand on her own two feet,
to become an independent woman of her own. And who knows maybe she could save
up enough to finally go to college.

With even more sound the train slowly got moving, Jennifer tried to see her
family for as long as she could until finally the curve in the tracks hid the
station from view. That was the moment she realized it was all getting real,
somehow it had been a glimpse on the horizon until that moment. Just another
six hours and her new life would begin. Anxiety and excitement rose up in her
simultaneously. The Raynards seemed like a lovely family and they had video
chatted on numerous occasions just to finalize the plans of Jennifer coming to
them. During those chats Jennifer had also talked with both children, who were
now totally excited for her to come. Jennifer could help to cry when Dana had
send her a picture via the mail, a real picture she had drawn of the both of
them in a field of flowers. Jennifer had framed it and carefully placed in her
luggage. She wanted Dana to know how much she appreciated that picture.

As the train sped up Jennifer looked out the window as the landscape changed
from the luscious green pastures, to mountains and desert. She had planned to
read the book her mother had given her, but her thoughts prevented her to
concentrate. 'What if it all doesn't work out?' 'What if they don't like me?'
She shook her head to get rid of the demons in her head 'Nonsense! It will all
be okay. It will all be okay.' Her eyes went back to the ever changing
landscape outside of the train. It would be another three hours before it would
stop again, giving her some time to stretch her legs and step out of the
carriage for a minute or two.

Slowly her eyelids got heavier and not for long she was almost asleep. By the
time she got to her senses again the landscape had totally changed. Outside the
window yellow fields of corn passed by, going as far as they eye could see.
"The corn silo of the world," she softly said to herself. A quick look at her
watch told her they would almost arrive at the first of three stops. She tried
to see if she could spot the town but to no avail. She stood up just to stretch
her legs and saw the carriage was almost empty, a few seats from her an elderly
man was reading his book and across from him a woman, quite possibly his wife,
was knitting something. The moment they crossed eyes the woman nodded and
smiled. Jennifer returned the favor and sat back down again.

During the first stop some people got off and another group got on the train.
Jennifer had stepped outside for a short period of time and as she was sitting
down a young man sat down across from her. She nodded with a gentle smile and
he just nodded. Slowly the train started moving again. 'Why did he have to sit
down here?' Jennifer thought, 'The wagon is almost empty.' She noticed he was
throwing glimpses at her every now and then. 'Is he checking me out?' she
thought and re-positioned herself, feeling a little uncomfortable. After
getting that book from one of her bags she tried to concentrate on reading,
still feeling that young man looking at her. He kept sitting there for over an
hour before he suddenly stood up and walked away. Jennifer took a deep breath
of relieve and felt more comfortable.

The next two stops were about the same as the first one and before she realized
they were nearing Port Royale. "Port Royale, Port Royale," a man said through
the speakers, "We are nearing Port Royale. Thank you for traveling with Rail
Plus and we hope you had a pleasant stay. Port Royale, ladies and gentlemen,
Port Royale." Jennifer looked out the window and could help but gasp at what
she saw. The tall buildings reaching for the sky, it was even bigger than she
had imagined it would be. Little did she now it would be another half an hour
at half speed of the train before they would reach the final destination of
this train. 'Wow,' she thought, 'They have to break way before they reach
Greendale and here we are still traveling fast through this town.' She stared
at all the large buildings, streams of cars visible on the highways crossing
the city and when the train slowed down enough at all the people out there.

Right at that moment she realized she was going to be one of them, one of the
many anonymous people in a city of millions. After the train had stopped, she
gathered her bags and stumbled out of the train. It felt so good to finally
being able to walk again. Her legs were a little sore after hours of just
sitting and she had never realized how tiring just sitting could be. But she
had arrived, she was in Port Royale and she marveled at the beautiful station,
so modern and clean. As she was looking up at the ceiling she almost bumped
into a man rushing to catch a train. "Look where you are going," he shouted.

"Sorry," Jennifer said but he already was too far away to hear. She passed the
gates leading from the platform to the actual station it self, which was even
more beautiful. Surrounding her were shops, restaurants, fast food chains and a
lot, a lot of people. The sudden buzzing of sounds felt like a hammer to her,
it just never stopped. Being from a small town she was used to silence, this
was just an ongoing buzzing of noise. 'Better get used to it,' she told herself
and started walking. All of a sudden she saw a man holding up a sign with her
name written on it. It was mister Raynard, he had come to pick her up. With his
hair combed backwards, a small stubble on his square chin he looked rather
handsome for a man almost twice her age. She started walking towards him and
when she was close enough she said "I'm Miss Thomas, pleased to meet you?"

Mr Raynard chuckled and said "I will be your driver miss. Please follow me,
your chariot is waiting."

They both laughed and Mr Raynard took the heaviest back off of Jennifer, who
rubbed the shoulder it had been hanging from. "That's better," she said, "How
are you Mr Raynard? And how are the children."

"Excited," he replied, "We all are. Thank you for asking. How was your trip?"

"Long. But beautiful. I am so looking forward to just freshen up and meet the
kids."

"Oh, don't worry about that. They have been excited all day and wouldn't go to
bed before they met you. Especially Dana. We have to hurry, it's way passed her
bedtime."

It wouldn't be for another hour almost before they finally arrived at the house
she would be living in for the near future. The moment she lay eyes on it she
could resist to gasp. Now her parents home wasn't small in any way, but this,
this was something else. It was a modern house, with lots of glass and a
beautiful garden in front. Through one of the windows she could see two small
children jumping and pressing their faces to the glass. Mr Raynard parked the
car and Jennifer almost cried when she saw the "Welkum home Jeniffer" banner
on the door. "Dana insisted we put it there," Mr Raynard laughed, "it took her
several tries before she was happy with it.

"It's beautiful," Jennifer replied, "She spelled my name wrong, but it's
beautiful nonetheless."

As soon as they stopped the door swung open and a little girl ran outside.
"Jennifer! Jennifer is here!" she shouted.

"Go on," Mr Raynard said, "Get out and greet the little rascal so she can go to
bed. I will carry your bags inside. Go."

Jennifer got out and Dane ran into her arms. "Jennifer! Finally!," Dana
shouted, "Mom! Jennifer is here!" Jennifer lifted the little girl up and walked
inside the house. Mrs Raynard was holding the door open and said "Welcome
Jennifer, so nice to finally meet you." Behind her leg a more shy Milos was
looking up at her. "He was excited all day, but now you're here..." Mrs Raynard
laughed, "Come on in, come on in. How was the trip?"

"Long," Jennifer replied, "Long but beautiful. Thank you so much for paying for
those tickets. I always wanted to do a long trip by train and now I finally
have."

"Don't mention it," Mrs Raynard laughed, "We would have given you plane
tickets, but you wanted to go by train and we were more than happy to make that
possible. Now come Dana, it's bedtime."

"Can Jennifer help me? Please?" the little girl replied, "Do you want to help
me, Jennifer?"

"Sure, if that's okay with your mom?"

"No time but the current," Mrs Raynard replied, "Sure, go ahead. Make sure she
brushes her teeth and her hair. I will check in 10 minutes, okay?"

"Yay!" Dana shouted as she took her hand and pulled her away. "Come see my
room!" Jennifer chuckled and had to quicken her pace as the girl was remarkably
strong for someone her age. "This is Becky and this is Cindy," Dana took time
to introduce Jennifer to all her dolls and plushies. After spending a few
minutes with that Jennifer said it was time to get ready for bed. "Will you
read me a story?" Dana asked and only after Jennifer agreed was she willing to
brush her teeth and hair. When Dana was finally in bed and Jennifer was reading
her favorite story Mrs Raynard popped her head around the door, smiling when
she saw Jennifer reading to her almost asleep daughter. 'This is going the be
okay,' Mrs Raynard thought.

It took Milos a little longer to warm up, but when he did he was even more
excited that Dana had been. Mrs Raynard let him stay for an hour longer before
for him too it was time to go to bed. Jennifer sat on the couch "Goodnight
Milos, I will see you tomorrow, okay?" The little boy nodded and with that a
cover of silence draped down over the Raynard household. It took Mrs Raynard
almost twenty minutes to put her son to bed and when she returned she asked "Ar
you hungry Jennifer, so sorry but the kids --"

"It's okay," Jennifer interrupted her, "But now you speak of it, I could eat
something."

"Let me show you the kitchen then," Mrs Raynard said, "We eat at seven ever
evening and you're more than welcome to join us. Just let us know when you
can't, otherwise I will expect you at the table, okay?"

"Okay, thank you Mrs Raynard."

"Oh please, Kim. Just call me Kim, Mrs Raynard is my mother."

"And I'm Tim, not Timmy or Timbo. Just Jim." Mr Raynard said from the couch.

"He hates it when I call him that," Kim laughed, "Do you want something,
dear?"

"No, I'm good," he replied as he turned on the TV.

Kim took her time showing Jennifer around, until they finally stopped at the
room at the end of the hall on the top floor. "This is your room," Kim said.
Jennifer could help but gasp when she walked inside. This room was almost twice
as big as her own room back home and it was beautifully decorated. "Do you like
it?" Kim asked. Jennifer couldn't do anything but nod.

"It's beautiful," Jennifer stumbled over her words. She smiled when she saw her
bags were already in her room.

"You have your own bathroom here. We have cleaners every Wednesday, so make
sure you have anything inappropriate hidden. Now the kids have been told not to
come in as long as your door is closed so you can have a little privacy when
you need it. Just close the door and they will stay outside. Please do not
break that rule with them, it took us years to get them to stay outside when
ours is closed." She winked as she said the last part and Jennifer giggled when
she realized what she meant to say by that.

"Now, just take your time to freshen up. Change into some new clothes or
something. I will have cooked you up something in about twenty minutes." With
that Kim left the room, closing the door behind her. Jennifer just stood there
for a moment taking it all in. The room, the view and the beautiful pictures on
the wall. The tried the bed which was remarkably comfortable and she could fall
asleep at any minute if she kept laying on it. Quickly she got up and stepped
into her bathroom. It was just a small one, but still almost as big as the one
back home. That one was for all the family and this one was just for her. As
she walked in her fingers glided over the soft glaze of the sink when her eyes
fell on the fully transparent glass of the shower cabin. 'What?' she thought,
'I've never ever seen something like that.' She opened the door of the cabin
and looked inside. The shower head was one of those rainfall versions and she
wondered how it would be showering in it. Quickly she closed and locked the
door. Undressed, looked at herself in the mirror as he put up her long hair.

It took her a moment to figure out how the tap worked, but then the water
started falling down. She carefully stepped into the booth. She gasped when she
saw the glass turn opaque as soon as she closed the door behind her. 'Wow' she
thought, 'That is nifty!' The warm water falling on her skin took away the
tiredness she had felt up until then. It was so nice feeling clean again. On
the wall there was a small shelve with a bottle of shower gel. She opened it
and smelled it. "Nice" she uttered and took the sponge hanging from a hook.

After showering for almost ten minutes she felt invigorated and after drying
herself she wrapped the towel around her. Once inside her room again she placed
one of her bags on the bed, took out all the clothes she didn't want until she
found what she needed. A simple pair of jeans and a white t-shirt. A few
minutes later she walked into the kitchen, greeted by wonderful smells of food
being prepared. 'It must be so nice to have a real chef as a mother', Jennifer
thought as she watched how Kim was preparing her dinner.

"Ah, you're back. I hope you like Indian food. I don't know but I have a
craving for it since a while. Tim! It's almost ready, come join us."

"But the game -- Do I smell Indian food? I'm coming," he replied.

Not for long the three of them sat down at the table and Jennifer watched as
Kim was preparing their plates. It was clear she was a chef, it just had to
look beautiful too. As they all sat and Jennifer took her first bites she was
amazed by how good it tasted. "This is lovely, really good," she uttered.

"Glad you like it. Now, let's get some business done. We expect you to get the
kids ready for school every morning and bring them there. They get out at three
so you have to be there to pick them up again. You can use the Mini to do so.
We work long hours every day, but we always try to be home around seven. It's
our job to put them to bed, but it's okay when you do it every now and then. We
try to always be there for our children. We might both be working hard, but we
want to be good, loving parents. So it's basically your task to entertain them
from three until seven, okay?" Jennifer nodded.

"Now during the time they are at school you can do whatever you want to do, we
don't expect you to clean the house or anything. As I said we have some lovely
women come in every Wednesday to do that. So explore town, get to know friends,
the Mini is basically yours. There is a card for gas in the glove compartment,
so feel free to use it. During the weekends we go to our second home in the
mountains, so you have those two days off too. If you want to go out, feel
free. Just know the kids will be awake at six and you have to be there for them
until you bring them to school."

"I understand," Jennifer replied, "I'm not the going out type anyways."

"Is there any left?" Tim asked, "Didn't realize I was this hungry."

"On the stove. You have two hands don't you?"

"Can I ask something?" Jennifer said.

"Sure, go ahead."

"You are a chef, aren't you? Don't chefs work late?"

Kim started to laugh, "Yes, they do. But I'm a chef on television. I have a
cooking show and we record during the day. Never saw it? It's on the Cooking
Chanel."

"No," Jennifer said honestly, "We were happy when we had TV at all, let alone
cable."

"Ah, I keep forgetting you're from a small town. Well, if you ever see a poster
from Kim the Cook, that's me. And Tim over there he manages the money for some
small company downtown, what's it called again Tim?"

"Brazers, and you know it." Tim replied.

"Brazers? You mean the one from all the ice-cream?" Jennifer blurted out.

"Yep, that one."

"Wow, I knew you worked for a big company, but Brazers?"

"Sure!," Kim said semi disgruntled, "That one she knows."

Tim sat down again after getting his second plate, this time it didn't look as
good. "Just one more thing, every Tuesday and Thursday I work from home. My
office is just down the hall over there and it's required the kids are as quiet
as possible. And I know that whenever you want to go outside to the backyard or
the pool you have to pass but please, keep the noise to a minimal. They aren't
allowed to come in while I'm working. It sounds strange, but just send me a
text and I will come out whenever I can, okay?"

Jennifer nodded. Kim got up and handed her a piece of paper. "Here you are.
These are all the important phone numbers, addresses and everything else you
might need. If you miss anything just ask. And with that I think we are ready.
Oh wait, here these are the keys to the Mini. Have fun with it. Please take
care of her, she's my pride and joy."

"Thank you so much," Jennifer replied, "I will get my own car as soon as I can.
I promise."

"Don't rush. We know you want to safe up for college and I haven't driven that
car for over two years now. It's a good thing she will be used again."

"I still don't understand why we didn't sell it," Tim replied as he was eating.

"I have my reasons," Kim bit off her, winking at Jennifer.

It was almost two hours later when Jennifer was back in her bedroom, she
changed into a nightgown, set the alarm at 6:30 as instructed and laid down in
her new, very comfortable bed. It felt strange, just 24 hours earlier she was
still in her own bed and now she was here. All the impressions of the day went
through her head as her eyes finally closed as she fell asleep.

For the next couple of weeks Jennifer settled in nicely, she loved the kids and
the Raynards were good bosses to her. During her frequent visits to the
playground she met other nannies who were working in the neighborhood. All of
them came from small towns which bonded them more than what they were doing for
a living. They all shared the same kind of history, they all had to move to the
big city in order to get a job. The one Jennifer bonded the most with was Hope,
she was outgoing and funny. She simply didn't seem to care what others might
think of her, quite the opposite of Jennifer who might care too much.

They met up during the weekends when they both were off work and slowly a
friendship emerged. Jennifer had never experienced a friendship like that
before in her life as she had always been the only one her age back in
Greendale, the others were all four or five years younger than her and at those
ages that's almost the same as a century. Jennifer loved being with Hope and
her parents couldn't have been happier about it. They always wanted her to make
a real friend and not it seemed she had done just that.

Working at the Raynards was a blessing, especially compared to what she heard
from the other nannies around. By the time her "trial" period was over Kim said
"I don't think Dana will forgive me if I fired you, she just adores you too
much and I must say I do too. We'd love to give you a permanent status, but
there is just one condition to it."

"What?"

"You will have to move into the pool house. Not that we don't want you in here
anymore, it's just that we want a little more privacy. You can still eat with
us, but when your job is over wouldn't you just want to go to your own little
space? Some place you can decorate to your liking? Make your own?"

"I would love that, thank you."

"No problem. We didn't use it anyway and this is a good purpose for it. You
will have your own front door and entrance to the estate. That way you don't
bother anyone if you want to go out at night."

"That would be wonderful, thank you."

"You're so welcome. We love having you here and this way we can have the best
of all sides."

"I totally agree," Jennifer said as she was almost jumping with excitement,
"There's just one small problem though."

"What is it?"

"I don't know anything about decorating a house. Never done it before."

Kim laughed and said "I can help you with that. Why don't we go shopping this
afternoon. Tim can pick up the kids from school. It's Friday and we're off to
the mountains later. So come on, let's go."

That weekend Jennifer invited Hope to help her paint and moving all the
furniture in her new home, the pool house. A space of her own, a place she
could call home. That Sunday she sat down on her new couch and was totally
happy.

### Chapter Two
Living in the pool house had been a good move. She didn't realize how much she
had craved privacy until she moved and it totally improved the relationship
with the family she was working for. The best part however was that she didn't
have to be quiet at night anymore and that she could do whatever she wanted to
do when she was off work. The separated entrance to the estate the neighborhood
was build on meant she could come and go without the Raynards even knowing
about it.

Hope had become a good friend and so had Kim, her bond with Tim was totally
different. He was more distant, kept to himself more. 'Opposites do attract'
Jennifer had thought one day as she was doing the laundry. That day Tim hadn't
said a word to her, despite being home all day. He was walking around with some
kind of thing in his ear so he could make phone calls about selling or buying
stuff. He seem anxious and stressed out, but he didn't let that get into his
voice which as calm at all times. 'No wonder he's a CFO' Jennifer thought and
admired him for being capable of it. Now being distant didn't mean he totally
didn't talk to her, he was always friendly and witty. It just was different
than what she shared with his wife.

During one of her weekends off Hope came over for a visit. Her family wasn't as
accommodating as the Raynards, she only had a small room over the garage and
wasn't allowed to be in the main house after hours. On top of that it was
expected of her to clean the house while the kids were at school. She couldn't
say no to them as she really needed the job, but was looking to go somewhere
else as soon as possible. "I may have found a new family," she said with a big
smile on her face, "They seem really nice, but I won't be working in this
neighborhood anymore."

"Wow, that's great news. We don't have to live near each other to be friends,
have we?"

"Of course not," Hope replied, "I like you a bit too much to just quit now."

Jennifer giggled and they talked about her possible new family for almost an
hour. Jennifer got excited about just because Hope was. "I just can't wait to
tell them I quit," Hope said, "And I might give them a piece of my mind too."

"Oh please don't do that. You know how the families talk among each other just
like we do. It might bite you in the ass later. SO please don't give them a
piece of your mind." Jennifer knew far too well that if Hope did something like
that it would go well for her as she didn't really have a filter on what she
would say at such a moment. Jennifer thoughts went back to that night when they
wanted to go inside the hottest club in town. The bouncer didn't let them in
because they were wearing sneakers. Hope just exploded and started cursing at
the bouncer who just kept calm and waited for her to finish. "It's nice that
you say all that," he replied, "You're still not getting in though. Company
rules. No sneakers." He pointed to the plaque on the wall which clearly stated
so and smiled. Jennifer had to pull Hope away telling her to calm down. The
rest of the night was okay as they found somewhere else to go and they had a
wonderful time dancing and drinking some wines.

"If I get the job we're going out again," Hope said, "This time to celebrate.
Let's go to the Vagrant again. I loved it there."

"Sure," Jennifer replied. She had never been the going out type, but that was
more because there hadn't been anywhere to go back home. Now she had
experienced it with Hope she had realized how much fun it could be. It had
taken Hope a lot of encouragement and some begging to get Jennifer onto the
dance floor for the first time. At first Jennifer had been very self conscious,
but that went away after a few wines and she noticed how much fun it was to
just let go.

A few days later Hope called. "I've got the job!," she yelled through the
phone, "I can start next month. I already told my family and it was glorious to
see their faces when I told them I was going to work somewhere else. When they
asked me why I told them I was hired to be a nanny and not a cheap cleaning
lady. That I kept my peace until I had found something else. Then they asked me
why I hadn't said anything before and I asked them what they would have said if
I had done so. They didn't have an answer, but I do have to move out tomorrow.
So I guess I'm calling if you have a place where I can crash for a while."

"Let me ask the Raynards, but I don't think it would be a problem. Can I call
you back in five?"

"Sure, but please hurry. I want to leave this house as soon as possible,
preferably tonight."

"It's your home," Kim responded when Jennifer asked for permission, "Just tell
her that you still have to work and I don't want her around the kids. Not that
I don't trust her, but according to the contract with the agency I would have
to pay you both."

"I understand and I'm sure Hope will too. She needs a short break anyway."

That evening Hope arrived with her bags and everything she owned, which wasn't
much to begin with. Jennifer told her the rules they Raynards had set and she
agreed to abide them. "I don't want to be a burden," Hope said, "And I will
keep this place clean while I'm here."

"There's no need for that," Jennifer replied.

"But I want to. You're giving me a place to crash and I want to return that
favor."

"If you insist on it," Jennifer laughed.

Having Hope around all the time was a bit of a test for their friendship, sure
they were good friends but this lifted their friendship to another level. It
was a test they passed with flying colors and they got even closer than they
had been before. They had talked long nights, really talked. Hope had told her
about what had happened before, about how she had been raped by someone who she
thought was her friend. Something hardly anyone in Port Royale knew about her,
it was a sign that she really trusted Jennifer. "I won't tell anyone," Jennifer
said, "It's not my story to share. But thank you for trusting me. I truly
appreciate that."

It had been a strange experience though to see that vibrant human being wither
down to a blob of despair as she told what had happened to her. Jennifer could
see how much it still was hurting her. Her respect for Hope just grew bigger
because of it, just for simply being able to not show it to other people. To
put it aside and be happy in the moment. Something Jennifer couldn't do,
whenever she was sad or angry she showed it to the world and it took a long
time for her to get over it. "But," Hope said, "It's all in the past now. He is
thousands of miles away and in jail as far as I know it. During the trial it
became clear he had done it to a lot of girls before me, I was just the one who
decided to do something about it."

"That's why you shouldn't see yourself as a victim anymore. You're a survivor,
someone who fought back when it mattered. You're a winner in my book."

"Thank you for saying that. It's not how I feel though, it's so hard to get
over it. At first I tried to deny it, to just think it never happened. It
almost ruined me and at some moment I just had to tell someone. That's when it
all changed and my mother went with me to the police. I still had the clothes I
was wearing that night, I had put them in box and never washed them. His DNA
was still on the inside of my panties, that's what caught him. I just was so
lucky I didn't get pregnant. I wasn't on birth control back then. The very next
day my mother took me to the doctor to get a prescription. I was fourteen years
old and felt like my life had been taken from me."

"I am so happy that it wasn't," Jennifer said, "It would have been difficult
being friends otherwise."

Hope chuckled "You always know how to cheer me up. Thank you for listening, I
needed to tell you. I couldn't keep this from you, not if we're going to be
friends."

"Oh, too late for that one. We already are friends, you just didn't realize
it."

Hope once again chuckled "Thank you. I really mean that. I didn't have a real
friend over here, just acquaintances, people I know. But no friends."

"Well, here we are. Friends?"

Hope had tears in here eyes and answered "Friends."

The two girls hugged each other and started talking about something else. By
the time they stopped it was already getting light. "The Raynards are off to
the mountains. Wanna go for a swim? They have a great pool."

"Are we allowed to do that?"

"Yes, we are. Just as long as they aren't home. We can't go into the house
together though, that's the only restriction."

"Let's go. I will have to check if I have something to wear though."

"No, you won't. Let's go shopping first. I want a new one too." Hope's eyes lit
up and about twenty minutes later they got into Jennifer's car to go visit the
mall. The two girls had the best time going from shop to shop, they tried on
dresses, skirts, shirts and everything else that fit their fancy. By the time
they got home they both had a few bags. "I thought we were getting a bikini,"
Hope had said as she looked at all the bags on the table, "This is more than
just a bikini." Jennifer started laughing.

"I have the same problem," she said as she placed her three bags next to the
four Hope had placed on there. The girls laughed and got ready to spend the
rest of the day next to the pool. The got in the water a few times but mostly
just laid in the sun getting a tan. Their friendship grew deeper with every
minute that passed and Jennifer couldn't have been happier about it.

## Chapter Three
It had been a year since Jennifer started working for the Raynards and Hope had
been working for her new family for about four months by then. She loved it
there and her new family was just as good as the Raynards were. At one point
the father placed his hand on her shoulder which made Hope startle as it
brought back very unpleasant memories. The mother, who was a licensed
psychologist noticed and asked what had happened. They sat down in a small room
in the house and Hope opened up to her. "It's like having therapy," Hope told
Jennifer, "And she's doing it for free with me. She really helps me get to
terms with everything, she's the best."

Over the next few weeks a change in Hope was clearly visible to everyone who
really knew her. Her anger issues had all but disappeared and she knew how to
hold back at the moments she would have exploded before. Jennifer's admiration
for her friend only grew because of it. Hope had accepted the help she needed
when it was offered and that was something to respect, according to Jennifer.

The two friends went out to the club almost every Saturday and they had become
regulars at the Vagrant, so much so they got offered VIP passes which enabled
them to just walk in and not to have to wait inline. Hope took Jennifer to lots
of places, to concerts, the theater and lots more. Jennifer discovered a world
she hadn't known. The thing she loved the most were the musicals. Going to the
theater district was just magical with all the lights and posters of people in
weird poses. Hope had also shown her the more shady side of town, the streets
with strip clubs, "Massage" parlors and everything else. "It's okay now," Hope
said as they were walking down that street during the daytime, "But don't ever
come here at night. It's just to dangerous for people like us."

"Like what?"

"Like female."

"Ah," Jennifer replied, "I think I understand what you mean."

As they were getting out of there Jennifer noticed a dirty street to their
left with a lot of dilapidated buildings. On one side of the street she saw
girls walking up and down the pavement. "What are they doing there?" Jennifer
asked.

Hope took her arm and whispered "Don't look. Those are _working girls_, you
know prostitutes."

"Wow," Jennifer said, "I knew they existed, but never saw them with my own two
eyes."

"Just let them be. It's not okay to stare at them, you never know why they are
doing it. Some of them might have been trafficked, some might do it because
they are addicted. Most of them are victims though. That doesn't mean they
aren't dangerous as they don't have much to loose anymore. Let's just keep on
walking."

That night they went back to the Vagrant to go dancing. At one point Hope
started flirting with a nice looking guy and Jennifer thought it was a good
thing for Hope. She was finally allowing herself to be friendly to males again.
"Not all men are to blame," she had said, "Not all of them are the same."
Jennifer got up to go to the bathroom and when she got back Hope was nowhere to
be seen. She started looking around the club to find her and it took her a
while to do so. When she did she just gasped, Hope was on her knees in front of
that young man clearly giving him a blowjob. Jennifer knew she shouldn't be
watching and retreated around the corner. 'How can she do such a thing?'
Jennifer thought, 'Anyone could see them if they came over here.' She was
conflicted about what to do. She could either stop them, let them do their
thing or she could take another peek. The urge to do the latter was the
strongest one and slowly she peeked around the corner. She held her hand in
front of her mouth when she saw Hope bend over, her skirt lifted over her hips.
That boy was clearly pounding her. 'They are having sex? Right here in the
club?' Jennifer thought. At first she was disgusted by what she saw, then
another emotion took over. One of excitement, she was getting aroused by what
she was looking at. Hope moved her arm and that's when Jennifer saw her boobs
swinging with every thrust the boy made. Her left hand slowly went down and
just before she started touching herself Jennifer realized where she was,
retreated back around the corner and leaned against the wall. 'I shouldn't be
doing this,' she told herself, 'Get it together Jenn. You're in a club for
crying out loud.'

About ten minutes later Hope sat down next to Jennifer at one of the bars.
Jennifer leaned over and whispered "What did you do?" Hope acted like she
didn't know what Jennifer was talking about and Jennifer said "I saw you with
that guy. I saw you."

Hope blushed and said "Did you like what you saw?"

Jennifer was blown away by that answer. Didn't Hope care about the chance of
being caught? Didn't she have any shame? "No, I didn't"

"Then why didn't you stop me?"

"Because -- because -- I didn't want to embarrass you, okay?"

"Oh, that would take a lot. I don't get embarrassed that easily. You should
know that by now. No I think by the way your cheeks turn a shade of red you
liked seeing me that way. You watched, didn't you?"

Now Jennifer's face really did turn red. "I -- I --"

"Don't worry about it. I just needed this. I hadn't have any sex ever since
that day. Almost seven years ago. Rosa told me the best way to cope was to get
back on the horse and ride, that's what I did. I got back on that horse and
rode."

"But here? In that hallway. Anyone could have seen you?"

"That's what's so exciting about it. The risk, it really turns me on. I don't
know why. I've always wanted to do something like that and now I have. Well, I
have to tell you this. If you ever want to be with someone, pick him. He has a
really nice cock."

"What did you just say?"

"He has a really nice cock. What? Don't you like dirty words?"

"No, it's not okay to say those things. It just isn't."

"Well, welcome to the big city then. It's perfectly fine out here."

"Let's just stop talking about it," Jennifer said, "Let's have another wine,
I'm thirsty and want to dance." The girls buried the hatched and had a
wonderful rest of the night. A taxi brought them home where Hope crashed on the
couch. "Thank you for having me here this weekend," she said, "I needed to get
out of there for a while. They are a really nice family and all, but spending
24 hours a day with them gets a little too much at times."

"You're always welcome here," Jennifer replied. She took a short shower and
got ready for bed. By the time she was done Hope was already sound asleep on
the couch in the same position as she had left her. Jennifer giggled softly and
went into her bedroom. As she was laying in bed in the dark the images of Hope
in that hallway returned to her mind, she saw her shaking buttocks with every
thrust that boy made, her swaying boobs, it all had been such a turn on for her,
more than she was willing to admit. Subconsciously her hand went down to her
private parts and she spread her legs a little. The moment she touched her clit
she had to bite her lips not to make too much noise. As she was pleasuring
herself she whispered "Oh yes, fuck me." She was imagining it was her in that
hallway being plowed instead of Hope. She tried to imagine how it would feel
taking such a big risk and it excited her more than she had expected. A little
too much one would say. "Oh yes, give it to me," she whispered, "Fuck me hard,
make me come." She then imagined someone had spotted them and was watching.
"Let them watch," Jennifer whispered, "Let them see how you please a woman.
Fuck me hard." As she was whispering those words and orgasm welled up, turning
her vision black for a moment. A moaned out loudly and right at that moment she
didn't care whether Hope could have heard her, she was totally lost in ecstasy.

A few minutes later when she returned to reality, she realized she had been
rather loud. She listened carefully, but everything was still very quiet. A
feeling of guilt overtook her. 'What have I done?' she asked herself, 'You've
pleasured yourself with someone close by. What is happening to you, Jenn? You
aren't like this so stop it already.' With those thoughts in her mind she fell
asleep.


