# A Fresh Star
_an erotic tale by Transgirl_

## Chapter One
After being married for six years our relationship had transformed from a
whirlwind to a soft breeze to a hurricane. The constant fighting between us was
just so tiring. After yet another fight I laid down in my bed talking to my
best friend Marisha. We had been friends since kindergarten and if there was
one person who's opinion I really cherished it was hers.

"Maybe you two should take a break from each other," she said after we had
spoken for almost an hour of which she had mostly listened to me. "Maybe," she
said, "A break will bring you back together again."

"No! I still love him so much, I just want to stop the fighting. I'm really
scared of what this is doing to us. It has been weeks since we even slept in
one room."

"That's exactly what I am saying," she replied, "Didn't you just say that you
hardly see him anymore and when you do the two of you just fight? About what?
What did you fight about tonight?"

"I don't really know, something stupid I guess."

"That's why. Maybe a break will give the both of you some breathing room, some
time to think things over. And besides that didn't you tell me how much you
hated living there?"

"Yeah, I did. But it's so close to his work and he can go golfing any time he
wants. He loves it here."

"Nowhere in that sentence I heard something about you. It's he loves it here or
he can go golfing, what about you? Aren't you supposed to feel happy too? I
mean how long does it take you to get to work?"

"Two hours, if I'm lucky."

"So you have to travel four hours each day just to get to work and back again.
In the mean time Liam is at the club golfing and having fun with his friends.
You are sitting in your car talking to me and I can always hear you're not
happy. I am sorry Laura, but I wanted to say this for so long."

"You might be right," I said softly, "Maybe it's time for a change, a big one."

"Yeah, and who knows? This might end up being good for the two of you. All I
know is that where this ship is going now you'll end up on the cliffs and you
will certainly loose him. This way the both of you are giving your relationship
a chance."

"But how will we know? I mean for sure."

"I don't. Matt and I didn't when we had our break and look at us now. He has
his little house and I have my apartment. Although we spend most of our time at
either one of them, just knowing we both have our own space is wonderful. And
all in all having two houses is cheaper than the big one we had before, where
neither of us was happy."

"You might be right," I said again, "But I just don't want to loose him.
Besides you he's my best friend, I can really talk to him."

"And when was the last time you did that? A year ago? Or maybe even longer? No
Laura, take it from me, if you don't steer that ship the other way it's going
to run on the cliffs. Matt and I were so close to getting a divorce."

I was quiet for a moment before I said "I need to think about this. Thanks,
Mar. I love you."

"I love you to, Laura. Now get some rest and let it sink in. If you need me to
mediate you know how to reach me, day or night. I don't care, just call me
okay?"

"Okay, night."

After a very restless night I got up when the sun touched my face. I looked
over to the half of the bed that still was empty. Just another night where he
had chosen to sleep in the other room. I took a deep breath, got up and put on
my robe before I stepped onto the landing to go to the bathroom on the other
side of the hall. Through the half open door I could see my spouse sleeping on
the guest bed, the spot where he had spent the majority of the nights lately.
I went into the bathroom still hearing the words Marisha had spoken in my head,
the more I thought about it the more I felt she was right. If we kept on going
like this it would lead to a place we both didn't want to be.

A few minutes later I opened the door to the guest bedroom a little more and
crawled into bed with the man I loved the most in the whole wide world. When he
opened his eyes I smiled and stared into the fierce blue marbles in his head.
Eyes I could loose myself in as if I was adrift in an ocean of love. Right at
that moment I felt why I had fallen for this man so many years ago.

"Hi," I said softly.

He smiled and said "Hey. I'm sorry for last night. I don't know what got into
me."

"It's okay," I replied, "But we really need to talk about this. This is not
okay and we really need to think about the future. We simply can't go on like
this."

"You're right," he said, "What day is it?"

"Saturday," I replied, "You're supposed to go golfing later."

"Ah, I don't want to. This is more important."

I smiled, placed my hand on his cheek and said "Thank you for saying that."

"I love you Laura," he replied, "I would do anything for you."

"Do you mean that? I mean really mean that?"

"Sure, why do you ask?"

"Well, I've been talking to Marisha last night and I think she might be right."

"About what?"

"About us. About what we might need to do."

"And that is?"

"Well, maybe we should try -- being apart for a while."

"What? No! We're married and we have a beautiful house. A house you love, by
the way."

"That's true, I love this house. It's beautiful, but it's so far from my work
and downtown. I would love to live downtown again, have the hustle and bustle
again. It's just so quiet here, always."

"But that would mean I have to travel to work for an hour or more."

"That's what I'm doing every single day for three years now. You get home at
the same time I do, but you've been golfing or having drinks at the club. I've
been sitting in traffic for two hours. I'm tired, stressed out and you just
want me to be cheerful and happy when we get home. I'm sorry, but I can't do
that. It's like I'm getting back to work right when I get home. I've had no
time to simply relax, read a book or something. No. When we get home I need to
make dinner, do the laundry, clean the house. During the weekends you go
golfing again and I just sit here. Sure I can go shopping but in order to do
that I need to get into the same traffic I've been sitting in all week. Do you
get what I'm getting at?"

"I think so, but why didn't you tell me?"

"I tried, but you never listened. That's what made me even more frustrated and
that's why we fight all the time. Just laying here, talking to you like this is
what I've missed for so long. This is the man I fell in love with, the one who
actually listens to me."

"So what do you want to do?"

"Well, maybe we should do the same thing Marisha and Matt did. Sell this house
and get a smaller one for you and an apartment downtown for me. That way we
both have our own spaces, you can go golfing whenever you want and I get to
live in downtown. That way we both can be happy. It did wonders for their
marriage so why can't it work for us."

"Oh I don't know, maybe because we aren't them?"

"I know that. But why can't we just try? Sure it could be that what we have
won't survive and I know it's a risk we are taking. But think about it, if we
keep on fighting like this, do you really think what we have will survive
that?"

He turned his head away from me for a moment before he said "You might be right
about the last part. But living apart? I just can't see the benefits to that."

"Well, think about it. How much do we pay for this house? Sure I love the house
but I'm not happy here and as far as I can see neither are you. Not with all
the fighting we do. So, if we get a small house for you, on the outskirts of
town you could still live close to your work and to the club. In the mean time
I have a small apartment downtown and I have the same benefits. I can go to
work using the subway and be home in twenty minutes. I can go shopping, to a
diner whenever I want. And best of all?" I looked at him mischievously you
could call me, pick me up and we could go on a proper date again. Maybe even
walk along the river once more, just like we did when we were dating. We could
even relive our first kiss. Remember? Near the bridge."

"How can I forget? I couldn't believe how lucky I was. The most beautiful girl
in college was kissing me. Me! It was like the world couldn't get better."

"I know and the night you took me there for our anniversary? What did you say?
People need to celebrate their achievements? We were dating for two years and
all that time I knew you had the date wrong, but I just let you do you. Then
when you knelt down in front of me and asked me to marry you, at the spot where
we first kissed I knew I wanted to spend the rest of my life with you. And if
that means we both have our own places than so be it. I just do not want to
loose you and I'm willing to do anything to keep what we have alive."

"But Laura, this is a big change. For the both of us. Is this really what you
want to do? I mean, living apart is a big step for us."

"I know," I said softly, "But I also know that if we don't do it, we will reach
a point of no return. Either one of us will do something or say something and
this is gone. That's what I am afraid of."

"Let me think about this," he said after thinking for a while, "I just can't
answer you right now. This is, as I said, a big decision and I need some time."

"Sure, I understand that. But we need to do _something_."

## Chapter Two
The rain was pouring down as I stood staring at the headstone in front of me.
_Loving husband and son_ it read. I hadn't dared telling his parents the truth
about all the fights we had. Especially not the last one, the one that led to
him storming out the house and getting in his car. The one after which he lost
control and slammed into that tree. I felt guilty for so long about all of it
for so long.

"I told them the truth," I said to the stone in front of me, "I couldn't bare
it any longer, I had to tell them. Your mother was as gracious as she always
has been. She took me in her arms and told me it was an accident. That I
shouldn't feel guilty, but I can't help it. You got in that car angry because
of me, of some silly fight we had. She still told me not to blame myself
anymore, she didn't so why should I?"

"There's just one thing I will never forgive you. Why all those lies? Why keep
all those secrets from me? Did you know I would be investigated for all you
did? They really thought I was part of it, Liam. They interrogated me as if I
was some criminal! It took them three months to conclude I didn't know anything
about it, that I was as surprised as they were."

"I even told your mother about her. About the _girl on the side_ I found out
about? How long were the two of you together? Four years? We were married for
six and all that time you made me feel guilty for even looking at a guy.
_Loving husband_, my ass. This is the last time I will visit you. I'm done. I'm
going to start my new life, build one of my own. Goodbye Liam, I wish I could
say it has been a pleasure."

I turned around and walked back to the car where Marisha was waiting on me. I
got into the car and she said "My God, you're soaking wet. We need to get you
some dry clothes." She started the car and we sped away. To me it felt like I
was leaving my old life behind and speeding towards a new one. A life without
Liam, a life without the pain he had caused me.

As we were driving the events of the past few months rolled through my head,
like a movie you can't stop. First and foremost the cops that came to my door
telling me about the accident. It was like the world came tumbling down on me.
Sure we had fought a lot and we were about to get a divorce, but I still was in
love with him and hearing about the accident really hit me hard. Marisha took
over and arranged most of the funeral and everything after that was needed. As
a lawyer she knew far too well what to do.

It was her digging that revealed all the secrets Liam had kept from me. From
the offshore accounts to the _girl on the side_, every dirty little secret Liam
had kept from me came to light. As I turned my head to look out the passenger
window I heard those shouts of "Federal Agents! Open op!" again. The whole
period of being interrogated came back to me. Even the meaningless apology
afterwards. Finally after about six months they released the assets and a judge
awarded me half of everything. The rest went to the state. Still it was more
than enough for me to quit my job and start a new life.

Hearing about his crimes was a hard blow for his parents and I felt really
sorry for them. When I offered them half of what was awarded to me they
wouldn't hear of it. "No dear," they said, "That's not our money. It's yours.
The judge awarded it to you. For all the pain he caused you. You start a new
life, dear. Be happy, that's all we want for you." Even his father who had
blamed me for a while nodded and took me in his arms "I'm so sorry," he said
almost crying, "I just --"

"Don't worry," I interrupted, "I understand." We parted ways that day and
although they said I could always come back to them we all knew that would
never happen. The _girl on the side_, her name was Amanda and she visited me
one day, out of the blue. She told me she never knew Liam had been married. "He
said he never got around to it. He lied to me too. I would never have been
involved with him if I had known he was married. You have to believe me." Tears
were rolling down her cheeks and against better judgment I forgave her. It was
more the way she said those words than the words itself that convinced me. By
that time I would believe anyone who said Liam had lied to them.

"Sure you want to move so far away?" Marisha broke the silence. I turned my
head towards her and just nodded. "I'm going to miss you so much," Marisha
said, "I understand you want to start over, but Port Verde, that's what? 800
miles from here."

"1,182, to be exact." I said softly.

"But why?"

"I've always dreamed of living there. I saw a photo once and ever since then it
speaks to me. I can't really explain it. Ever been somewhere and you felt like
it was meant to be? Well, that's Port Verde to me. The few times I've been
there it felt like -- home."

"Okay, but what about me? I can't just pack up and move."

"You can come to visit me any time, Mar. No questions asked. You're always
welcome. You know that."

"I just wanted to hear you say it," she smiled. I bumped her side and she
shouted "Hey! Never punch the driver!" For the first time that day I chuckled.
As we drove back into town the rain stopped and the sun came out again. It felt
like a new dawn had risen for me and I was speeding towards the sun. Marisha
parked the car on the driveway of Matt's house. She turned to me and said
"Before we go inside I have something to tell you. Matt and I are moving in
together again. I've sold my apartment and we're going to live here."

"What? Really? Congratulations! What made you decide that?"

"Mostly what happened the past few months. I made us rethink our decisions and
for the past few months we have either lived here or at the apartment. Still we
were together most of the time, so why have two places?"

I leaned forward to hug her. "I'm so happy for you. This is good news. I needed
that." As soon as I walked into the house I ran up to Matt and congratulated
him too. "Oh, she's finally told you? Good! I'm glad you're happy too, Laura.
But tell me, how are you?"

"I'm getting there. Saying goodbye was really helpful. I needed to say goodbye,
turn the page."

"Good on you. I'm glad to hear that. Well, I made some dinner if you're hungry,
but first you need to get out of those clothes."

I looked at him mischievously and chuckled when with a red head he stuttered "I
didn't mean it that way. You're soaked!" I winked and laughed as I went into
the bathroom. Marisha handed me some of her clothes and twenty minutes later I
was sitting at their dining table eating a wonderful dinner. For the first time
since I could remember I allowed myself to feel happy again.

Three days later with the help of Matt I placed my luggage on the conveyor belt
in the airport. It was time for me to fly towards my future. Matt and Marisha
had dropped me off and I hugged them one more time before I had to board the
flight. "Thank you both for everything." I said.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" Marisha asked one last time.

"No, but I need to do this. I've never been on my own before. From my parents I
went to college and straight into married life. I've never lived on my own and
I need this. Plus I want to realize my dream of living in Port Verde. I just
need to do this, because if I don't do it now I'm afraid I never will."

"Okay then," Marisha said, "I will come and visit you soon, okay?" I nodded and
hugged her one last time.

"Passengers for flight 543 to Port Verde. Please board your flight at gate 17.
Passengers for flight 543 to Port Verde, please board your flight at gate 17."
The Tannoy sounded. "I need to go now," I said and waved one last time. After
passing the gate I turned around to get one more look at my friends standing
there, then I turned towards my future. In the plane I sat down on my seat and
made myself comfortable for the three hour flight. Just as I was comfortable a
voice next to me said "I'm sorry. Is this seat taken?" I looked up and saw the
smiling face of my best friend. "Did you really think I was going to let you go
like this?" I almost screamed and hugged her as she sat down next to me.

"How?" I asked.

"Mostly luck," she replied and a wonderful woman sitting over there who was
willing to trade seats with me. Mostly because mine was a little more expensive
that hers, but still."

"Wow, thank you. You shouldn't have but I'm still glad you're here."

"But how did you get passed the gate?"

"Oh, I told the attendant about my little scheme and she was more than willing
to help me."

"What about Matt?"

"Oh, he's working late all week and I had some time coming to me. So why not
spend those with my best friend in Port Verde?"

"Oh, I'm so happy your here." I said once again.

Three hours later I thanked the woman who Marisha had traded seats with and she
admitted openly it had been about the seats. For her it had been nothing more
than a free upgrade. "But I was so happy to see your face when she surprised
you. Now I am sorry but I really have to go."

A taxi brought is to our hotel where I had booked a room. Luckily enough there
were rooms available so Marisha got a room there too. Tired from traveling and
hauling all my luggage we had an early dinner and retreated to our rooms. It
didn't take Marisha long to knock on my door and we talked until we fell
asleep. The next morning we decided to cancel her room and just sleep in one
for the week. It was like we were the little girls having a sleep over again.

The first day we spent exploring Port Verde, as we were walking through the
beautiful streets I kept looking at the windows of every single realtor I came
across. "This is it!" I shouted looking at one of the windows, "See that
apartment. It's in the old harbor district. It's so beautiful there. I really
want to see this one."

Marisha looked and said "Well, let's go inside and make an appointment."

Ten minutes later we had a viewing later that afternoon. Apparently the
apartment had been on the market for some time now and the owners really needed
to sell it for some reason. We got on the idyllic trams of Port Verde to go to
the harbor district, just to explore it before we had the viewing. From outside
it building was just beautiful. A _For Sale_ sign indicated which apartment it
was and it had a beautiful view over the old harbor and the ocean behind it. We
sat down outside the bistro around the corner and I said "I can really see
myself living here. Isn't this wonderful?"

"Yeah, it is. I can see you here too. Two latte's please and do you have
something to eat as well?" she said to the waitress. Seconds later we were
looking at the menu and just a minute after the waitress brought us our coffee.
We ordered something simple and light and just enjoyed the hustle and bustle
around us. I spent some time going through the brochures the realtor had given
us and said "Wow, this whole district has been renovated a few years ago. They
closed down roads for all traffic and ever since then this district has boomed.
It says here there are lot's of small boutiques, bars, restaurants and even a
brand new movie theater. All this without destroying the colonial atmosphere of
the old harbor district, it says here."

"Well, that's stating the obvious. Look at that apartment you're looking at. I
mean did you see that balcony? It's just so beautiful. I think that building is
more than a hundred years old. It must be. I wonder what it will look like
inside. I've never been in such an old house before."

Two hours later we both were a little anxious as we were waiting for the
realtor to arrive. When he finally did he said "Miss Bailey?" I raised my hand
and he said "Anthony. Pleased to meet you, shall we go inside?" I just nodded
and watched as he opened the door. "After you ladies," he said with a big smile
on his face. In the small vestibule he said "This building used to be the
offices of a trading company. It was renovated into apartments in the late
1960s. We've renovated it just a few years ago again and combined three small
apartments into one when we bought the building. Now, whenever you agree to buy
it there's only one demand from us. Whenever you decide to sell it again it has
to go through us. The rest is all up to you. As this is a monument you can't
change anything on the outside and it has to be upheld to a code. For that
reason there is an HOA, but they are strictly limited to maintaining the
building and nothing more. Now this is the apartment we're talking about,
apartment 4." He struggled with the keys a little and then opened the door for
us.

In contrast to the outside the inside was quite modern and it had this lofty
air about it. "There are two rooms over there. One master bedroom with a large
window overlooking the harbor and a smaller room next to it. There's the open
kitchen and this is the living area, covering just under 300 square feet. There
are connections for cable TV and internet over there and this is the quite
spacious bathroom. Now, there is a community launderette down in the basement
and as far as I know there is a schedule based on apartment number for when you
can do your laundry. As there are six apartments and 12 machines it means you
can do your laundry twice a week. Will that be a problem?"

"No, I don't think so. Are there any other launderette's nearby? For whenever
it's necessary."

"Yes, there are two on main street I believe. That's just around the corner."

"And what is the asking price?" Marisha asked.

"They were asking for 800 and that's already on the cheap side. But they really
need to get rid of this, so what would you like to offer?"

"600," Marisha replied before I could say anything.

"600? I don't think --"

"Just call them and offer it. We are willing to go to 600." Anthony nodded and
excused himself for a moment. I looked at Marisha with a look of _what are you
doing?_ but she waved for me to be quiet and I just let it be. A few minutes
later Anthony returned and said "700, is their lowest." I looked at Marisha and
she said "It's your money." I walked around the apartment for a while, looked
at the rooms and the bathroom once more before I walked towards Anthony and
said "You've got a deal. 700,000 dollars." Anthony's face lit up and he called
the owner right there and then. "They agreed. You finally sold it." He talked
for a few minutes more and then said "They want to talk to you."

"Hi, Laura Bailey. Yes, yes. I'm the one buying it."

The man on the other side said "Oh my mother would be so glad to hear a woman
bought her old apartment. Thank you so much for doing this. We really struggled
with the mortgage lately. Thank you."

"You're so welcome. I really think I will be happy here."

"Our mother was," he replied, "She loved it there so much. I guess we'll meet
each other when we sign everything."

"Yes, see you soon. Bye." I handed the phone back to Anthony. "I will contact
you with the details. I just need one thing from you. That's a bank guarantee
that you have the money before I can finalize it."

"Okay," I replied, "One moment." After a short conversation with my bank I said
"Anthony, they want to talk to you."

"Oh yes. Hi. What? Oh! Really? Wow. Yes. Sure. Could you mail that to us? Yes,
thank you." Seeing his amazement was just too funny for me. As he handed me my
phone he said "Okay, alright then. My apologies. But I'm just doing my job."

"Don't worry," I chuckled, "It was funny seeing your face. I just couldn't
resist."

Anthony relaxed and said "You got me there. Now that's been cleared. I will
call you in a day or two. Then we can sign everything and this apartment will
be yours." We left the apartment and Marisha and I sat down on a bench across
the street. I waved when I saw Anthony in the window removing the _For Sale_
sign. "It's beautiful," Marisha said, "But now we have a lot to do. Like
shopping for furniture and stuff. Oh my God, you really need to buy
everything! Spoons, Forks, Knives, everything!"

"Yeah, as if you hate shopping!" I chuckled. The rest of her stay we shopped
for everything and at the end of the week I stood in my new apartment waiting
for he first delivery of furniture. Marisha helped the last three days of her
stay decorating and on her last day everything was done. We both sat down on my
brand new couch, tired but fulfilled. Marisha took some photos to send to Matt
and to celebrate we went out to dinner at a small restaurant nearby. The next
day it was time for Marisha to go back home. When the taxi came to pick her up
we hugged for one last time. On the balcony I followed the car until I couldn't
see it anymore.

I stood in my living area for a moment, fully well realizing I was truly alone
for the first time in my life. Scared but excited what the future might bring.

## Chapter Three
I had been living in Port Verde for a few months and I had met almost all my
new neighbors. I was a regular at the bistro and I had gotten a small part time
job in one of the many boutiques strewn around the area. Not that I needed it,
but I wanted a reason to get out of the house. It was a Saturday night and I
sat on my balcony enjoying the warm summer night listening to the hustle and
bustle below.
