# My Dirty Little Secret
_a series of erotic tales by Transgirl_

## A Mothers Love

### Chapter One
Let me start by telling you that the town I grew up in wasn't that big, just
big enough that you didn't know everybody who lived there. Our town had one
bar, one school and five churches. Going to church on Sunday was mandatory even
if you weren't a profound Christian, it was just something you did. So we did
as well, but at home we never prayed or read the bible, going to church was
more a social thing we had to do.

I was a happy child and so was my two year older brother, we lived in a big
house with a large yard in the back. When I was five my father built me a swing
and it was my pride and joy, I couldn't get enough of it. If it was up to me I
would be on that swing 24 hours a day, that's how much I loved it. I used to
watch my brother play in the sand pit as I tried to reach the skies.

The both of us did well at school and my teacher predicted a bright future for
me. When asked what I wanted to do when I got older I always said "I want to be
a teacher." and in some way I did.

My parents were rather liberal with our upbringing and we talked openly about
anything, even sex. My parents thought it was the best for us to know all about
it and how important it was to take precautions. My mother explained
everything to me when my period started at the age of nine, I was in a total
panic but she assured me it was okay and told me hers had started early too.
"You are becoming a woman," she said, "Something sacred and beautiful. We have
a special power to make babies."

"But babies come from the fairies," I replied.

"No honey," she said, "that's only a story people tell because you were too
young to really understand. What's happening to your body now is that it's
getting ready to receive something special from a boy. Whenever you are ready
for it they can plant a seed inside you and when that seed reaches an egg
inside you, it grows into a baby. A precious baby."

"But how does it get out?" I asked her.

"Oh, don't worry about that," she replied, "That's not important right now.
What is important is that the blood you saw in your panties, that is all
natural and normal, nothing to be afraid about."

A week or so later my mother came into my room again, it was just after eight
in the evening. She crawled into bed with me and kissed my forehead. "It's
important that you listen to me. All women in our family are special as we have
that special power I told you about. Now, I will teach you all about that
special power just like my mother taught me. Do you trust me?" I nodded and she
smiled "Good, now you remember where you bled a few days ago? You do? Well,
that's a very special spot, a holy spot almost. Come let me show you."

She took off my blanket and my panties. She laid down next to me and told me to
spread my legs slightly, slowly she went down and touched my vagina ever so
softly. I giggled as it felt funny and she said "That's the special place.
There is a little hole there and something can go inside it. Whenever that
happens it feels so good, but it might hurt a little at first. That's why my
mother taught me, like her mother taught her. And now I will teach you."

She proceeded to caress my little vagina and I felt it swell up a little, I
felt myself getting a little wet even. "Now do you feel that?" she said with a
slight smile, "That's normal. You make it all slippery so it's easier for
something to go inside." She kept rubbing until suddenly she pushed the tip of
her finger inside me. I screamed from fear but my mother shushed me and I
calmed down. She kept sliding her finger in and out of me, but just the top of
her finger. After about three minutes she pushed in a little deeper and I just
took the pain. "Good," she said, "it will feel better soon." After about ten
minutes her while finger was inside me and she wiggled it a little, which made
me giggle all over again.

When she pulled her finger out she said "You can do that too. Try it, just
push a finger inside it." I did as she asked and before I knew it my finger was
inside my vagina. "Just slide it in and out slowly," my mother said and laid
down on her back, across from me. She spread her legs and I could see her
vagina, she looked straight at me, spread her labia and slid a finger inside
herself. I copied everything she did and it started to feel so nice. "Yes," she
said, "this is called masturbating or pleasuring yourself. You can do this
every night, but never during the day when you are at school, okay? People
might not understand it and get really angry at you."

We kept masturbating for a while and when she thought it had gone on for long
enough she said "Now go to sleep and remember you can pleasure yourself any
time you want as long as it's not outside of this house. Okay?" I nodded and
turned over to get some sleep. When she was gone I turned on my back and slid
another finger inside me, it just felt too good.

After a few weeks my mother was able to slide three fingers inside me and I
loved it so much, our special time as she called it. Then later that evening my
father came into my room. "Don't worry," my mother said, "He knows all about it
and we love that you are doing this. This is what makes us women special, look.
When a boy likes what he sees his weenie gets bigger and harder, see? Daddy
likes what he sees. Now, you can play with it a little if you want."


