# My Dirty Little Secret
_a series of erotic tales by Transgirl_

## A Mothers Tale

### Disclaimer
In all my stories I describe a country that doesn't really exist. It's basically
a mixture of several different countries, like the USA, Australia and countries
within Europe. So don't take it out on me if you read things that aren't wholly
according to reality, this is a story. I made it all up. Get over it.

Any resemblance to any person either living or dead is purely coincidental.

### Chapter One
I can't really remember when I learned for the first time where babies really
came from, but I was curious instantly. My mother sat down with me one day and
told me all about _the birds and the bees_, I must have been about eleven or
twelve at the time. "Your body is about to change," she said, "and that's a
good thing. But you will start to see some blood every month and that's normal
too. You are becoming a woman and having a period is part of it. So don't be
scared when you see it for the first time, just call me and I will help you,
okay?" I nodded and felt very uncomfortable talking about it.

Months later it had started and as I had promised I called my mother to help me
with it. She told me what to do and how to use a sanitary napkin. When I walked
into the living room a few minutes later I felt so mature. That didn't last
long as the very next day I felt sharp pains that made it almost impossible for
me to walk let alone go to school. The same day we went to see a doctor and she
told us getting me on the pill might help and it did. That time it was still
painful as she had said it would be, but the next time I had to bleed it was
less painful and I could at least go to school.

I was thirteen when I had my very first crush on a boy in class. We hid under
the bleachers where he kissed me for the first time. A few days later he put
his hand under my shirt and softly squeezed my butting breasts. I was so scared
but I didn't protest.
