# A New Life
_an erotic tale by Transgirl_

## Disclaimer
This work of art is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to any person living or
dead is purely coincidental.

## Chapter One
"Is there anything else I can do for you?" the man standing behind me said
waking me up from the thoughts going through my head. I turned around, told him
I needed nothing else. "Good," he said, "If you have any questions, don't
hesitate to call. Welcome to _the Sunken Anchor_." I just waved a goodbye and
turned around to look at the city below again. This time however everything I
created a list of things I needed to do.

For the first time of my life I was truly on my own. From living at home I had
gone to live with three other girls when I went to college, after college I got
married. When he got offered a good job at a prestigious law firm we moved far
away from everybody I knew. Right after we moved there his true nature came to
the surface as a period of six years of mental abuse started. In the end I felt
totally isolated, totally dependent on him. Abuse that only ended when
authorities came to arrest him when the fraudulent activities by the firm came
to light and I learned he had become a leading force behind the fraud within
the first year.

When officers asked me questions about it his abuse of me was added to the
charges and a judge granted me a divorce rather quickly. The whole ordeal had
left me with totally nothing as everything was confiscated, from the house to
our cars everything went to the state. The only thing left was a small amount
of money in a personal bank account and the clothes he had given me over the
years, as his _arm candy_ I always needed to look flawless. At that time I
couldn't care less about all those things, all I wanted was my freedom back.

In the seven years that house had become my cage my parents had passed away, at
the time I wasn't allowed to go to their funeral because he had things to do.
When I found out he had gone golfing that day I was furious, wanted to give him
a piece of my mind but when he got home and I said something about it a
hurricane of profanities were thrown my way. How dared I challenge him? "You're
nothing more than a harlot? A slut? Did you really think I didn't see how you
were flirting with Preston the other day? Did you? What did you want to
do?Â Have sex with him too?"

"I never --" I stuttered, "I didn't -- I am sorry. Please, I wont --"

"You better not," he shouted, "Now why is dinner not ready? You know I don't
have time for this."

Right after his arrest I moved into a shelter for battered women. I stayed
there for a few months. "Is it okay if I go outside?" was one of the first
questions I asked the woman leading the shelter.

"Why do you ask? If you want to go outside just go," the woman answered. I had
gotten used to ask for permission for anything I wanted to do and getting used
to the fact I didn't have to do that anymore took some time. Despite having
hardly anything left I really wanted to leave that town, there just were to
many bad memories. During one of the sessions the therapist asked what we
wanted to do and I told them about Port Verde. "When I was little I saw some
photos in a magazine and I was blown away by them. Ever since then I wanted to
live there. Maybe I could go there? Would that be okay?"

"You don't need our permission," another of the women said, "If you want to go
there, just go."

"Yeah," another participant said, "Go. You can do anything you want now."

Tears began rolling down my cheeks as right at that moment I realized I really
was free again. I was my own boss again and I swore to never ever put myself
into that same position again. "I think --" I stuttered, "I think I might go
visit my parents. I've not visited them since --"

"Since when? Should we call them?" the therapist asked.

I stared at her and continued "Since they passed away. I wasn't allowed to go
to their funeral. I really want to go visit them." I started bawling, it was
like the floodgates opened and every single frustration of the period behind me
came out, no matter how big or small, it all came out. I cried for days,
talking to someone all the time. I told them everything he had done to me, it
was cleansing, lethargic and in then end I felt stronger because of it.

During my stay a letter arrived for me. _Roger and sons, attorneys at law_ the
sender was. "Do you want to open it now?" the woman asked me and I just stared
at her. "It's okay if you want to read it in your room."

"No, that's not necessary." I whispered and I opened the envelope. The letter
was a bunch of legal stuff and I didn't quite understand what it said. I handed
it to the woman sitting next to me. She read it and then said "Wow. You parents
took good care of you and they loved you very much. They left you some money,
it's in a fund only to be handed to you when you are divorced from your ex. So
when they heard you were, they searched for you. You need to call them right
away, you can use my phone. Just call me when you're done." She handed me the
letter again and left the room.

Twenty minutes later I walked into the shared living space. The woman who had
helped me walked up to me and asked "What did they say?"

"They left me some money," I whispered, "They left me ten million. I never knew
they were that rich. I can go live in Port Verde now. I can really go." I
started crying all over again, this time mostly from relieve and the love I
felt coming towards me from behind the grave. "They never forgot about me," I
whispered, "They always tried to contact me, but every time he stopped them.
Every single time he found out and stopped them. I thought they were angry with
me, didn't want contact anymore, but they never stopped fighting for me.
Never. I didn't know, I didn't know."

It was drizzling when I knelt down at the grave of my parents. _Loving parents
of a daughter who is lost_ the headstone read. "I'm not lost anymore, Mamma.
I'm here now. I'm here daddy and I am so sorry. I never meant to hurt you, I
hope you both know that. I am so, so sorry." Tears rolled down my cheeks again
as I sat there on the wet grass, rain going down my neck. I just didn't care,
all I wanted was to be with my parents. I must have talked for hours when I
first noticed the sun coming through the clouds. Slowly it stopped raining and
I felt the warmth of the sun on my face. It felt like my mother touching my
cheeks, telling me not to cry. A butterfly caught my attention as it landed on
the headstone, flapping it's wings slowly.

Butterflies were my mother's favorite, she loved them so much. She even had
planted flowers for them in the garden and whenever she saw one she was simply
over the moon. Seeing that butterfly felt like my mother telling me it was
okay, it was all okay. I stared at the delicate creature resting on the stone
before if flew off once more. "Thank you mom. I'm off to Port Verde now, can
you believe it? I'm actually going there. I will never stop loving the both of
you, never. When all is okay again I will come back and tell you all about it,
okay? I love you so much. Bye mom, bye dad and I am sorry." After rearranging
the flowers I had left I got up, shivering a little from the cold wet clothes.

As I left the graveyard I took one more look at where they were laying now and
it was like the sun illuminated their spot as a final goodbye and for the first
time I could remember I felt some peace in my heart.

The day after my visit to my parents I sat down in an dusty old office of the
lawyers that had sent me that letter. An elderly man entered "Hello, I'm Kevin
Roger. Welcome Miss Bailey. I heard you started using your maiden name again,
good for you. Your parents told me all about your situation, so there is no
need to go over that again. Just let me get everything and I will explain what
is going to happen now. Okay?"

"Sure," I replied, "I just have one question before we start?"

"Okay, what is it you want to know?"

"Did they ever talk about me? Did they still love me?"

"Oh my dear. They loved you so much. They never stopped looking for you."

"Did they die because of what I did?"

"Oh no, no. It was an accident. It had been snowing for days and they lost
control of the car when the had to go get groceries. It was just an accident,
it had nothing to do with you or with your situation. Nothing at all. Your
mother didn't survive and your father passed away a few days later in the
hospital. I visited him one last time and he asked me to never stop looking for
you and he wanted me to tell you that he forgave you and loved you so very
much."

"He did?"

"Yes, dear. He really did. Now let's get to business for a moment." He
explained everything they had done for me and about the fund they had set up
for me. "So to make sure your ex can't make any claim to this we could only
inform you _after_ you officially got divorced. Now with him in jail and a
judge saying your marriage has been dissolved we can give you access to the
fund. Now we can do that in two ways: we can either give you total access to it
or we can send you a certain amount each month. The latter will secure it will
still create interest each month and we will keep maintaining the account for
you."

"And how much will that cost me?"

"Nothing. Your father and I were old friends and I'm doing this for free for
him. The contract is set up thus that no one can change that for as long as the
account exists. And it's not that much work either, about 10 minutes of work
each month."

"Then maybe do the last option, I guess. I wouldn't know what to do with that
much money. All I need is some leeway to start my life over again. I'm thinking
about moving to Port Verde."

"Port Verde? Nice. I know some people there. I can give them a call and they
could help you find some ground there. Would you like that?"

"That would be wonderful. I wouldn't know where to start."

"Consider it done. Her name is Marisha, she's the granddaughter of an old friend,
her grandfather and I battled it out in court one day and we became friends
after. She's about your age I believe."

A few days later I landed in Port Verde, the humid warmth was something I
really had to get used to. In the crowded airport my eyes fell on a huge sign
with my name on it. I walked over to the woman holding it, her long red hair
seemed to be waving in the gentle breeze coming in from the open doors. "Hi,
I'm Laura," I said to her. She smiled and said "Then I'm here for you. Welcome
to Port Verde, how was your flight?"

"It was okay, thank you." We did some small talk as we walked to where she had
parked her car. As we were driving towards the city I caught me first glimpse
of the ocean. "Could we go see the ocean?" I asked her, "I've always dreamed of
seeing the ocean." Marisha smiled and took the next off ramp. Thirty minutes
later I stood in the warm sand staring over the fast expanse of water in front
of me. The waves were clattering in front of me and I was just in awe of all
that power. I watched people swimming, surfing or just having fun on the beach.

"This is just so beautiful," I said softly, "I never thought it was so
beautiful." Marisha chuckled and said "It won't take long for this to be
normal, believe me. I've lived here all my life."

"No," I replied, "I will never get sick of this. I've been dreaming of this
moment all my life and now, finally, I'm here. I fulfilled a promise I made to
my mother, I finally did it." I sense of relieve came over me, a deep sense of
peace. I couldn't explain it but the closest to what I felt is coming home.

Another hour later we checked into a small hotel downtown. "This is the best
hotel in town," Marisha said, "Small, cheap but very, very nice." Just get some
rest, take a bath and I will pick you up tomorrow to go searching for an
apartment, okay? Just relax now, I will see you tomorrow."

The room was just perfect and after laying on the most comfortable bed ever I
got up to look out over the city below me. I took a deep breath and couldn't
believe I was actually seeing Port Verde with my own eyes. "I did it mamma, I'm
actually here." a small smile appeared on my face.

Over the next few days Marisha and I went apartment hunting and during that
time we became friends. Next to looking for a place to live she also showed me
around the city. Told me some of the history behind it and I loved it all. In
the end we found a very nice but small apartment in the old harbor district.
"They just finished renovating this part of town. They restored the roads to
how they used to be, now small shops, bars and restaurants are returning. This
is really booming now," Marisha said with a hint of jealousy.

Three weeks later I could finally move in. Marisha had helped me get the
furniture, some new some second hand from thrift stores she knew. All in all it
was just as I liked it, a total contrast of the house that used to be my
prison. Loads of plants and flowers around, colorful pictures on the wall and a
very comfortable couch. I loved it all so much and as I stood on the balcony
overlooking the hustle and bustle on the square below I couldn't stop smiling.
I felt like I had arrived where I wanted to be.

## Chapter Two
Even though the monthly income was enough for me to live comfortably I really
wanted to find a job. It had been so long since the last day I had earned money
of my own and next to that I wanted to feel useful again. It had been weeks
since I had moved into my new apartment and most of the time I had spent
exploring the city. From the old harbor district where I had my domicile to the
modern city center where the town hall was. Since a week or so I was an
official resident of Port Verde and I had renewed my ID and drivers license to
reflect my maiden name. Getting rid of his last name felt like shredding my
last skin that reminded me of him.

I got up early on a Tuesday, it was time to go looking for a place to work.
After taking a shower and getting dressed I walked over to the bistro where
Marisha worked. She smiled when she saw me enter the establishment and when it
was my turn she said "A double latte machiato with extra cream." she chuckled
as I walked up to her. I handed her the money and sat down at one of the
tables. After a few minutes Marisha joined me. "So what's on your agenda
today?" she asked.

"I thought I would start looking for a job," I replied, "Any ideas? Heard
anything?"

"No not really. But I will keep my ears open for you. You look good," she said,
"Like a weight has been lifted or something."

"I feel like it has," I replied, "I really do. Ever since they agreed to change
my name again it really feels like that."

"It shows," Marisha chuckled, "Want to get dinner later? It's on me, I've got
some news to share."

"Sure, why not? _Chateau_ at eight?"

"I will be there. I've got to go back to work. Good luck."

"Thank you. I will need it." I sat there for a few minutes until I finished my
coffee and got up after waving bye to Marisha. I spent the day going from store
to store, from bar to bar, but no one had an opening for me. I was about to
give up when I came across a small boutique just outside the old harbor
district. _The Black Rose_ was painted in golden letters on the window,
underneath _Clothes for the woman who wants a little more_. In the window as a
sign stating they were looking for help. I had never worked in a clothes store
before, shrugged my shoulders and thought "It won't hurt to at least ask."

As I opened the door and old fashioned bell attached to it rang and I just had
to chuckle a little. Inside a whole new world opened up. There were racks with
the most beautiful dresses. On shelves on the wall were mannequins showing off
bustiers, corsets and sexy bra's. To the west was a wall showing of some of the
highest heels I had ever seen and I really thought I was entering some sort of
extreme shop until I saw racks of retro clothes, not vintage more remakes of
clothes women used to wear in times gone by.

On the counter in the back of the store was a hotel bell which I rang when
after waiting for a few minutes nobody came to see me. After ringing it two
more times a woman in her late forties appeared through a curtain covering an
entrance to the back. "Oh hi," she said, "Didn't hear you come in. Welcome to
the Rose. How can I help you?"

"Hi, my name is Laura and I saw the sign in the window?"

"The sign? Oh yes, almost forgot about that. It's been there for a while now.
You're interested?"

"I might be," I replied, "What are you selling here?"

"Clothes for the woman who wants a little more. We sell retro clothing and
everything needed to feel good about yourself. From bra's to stockings, from
bustiers to full on dresses. We cater to a select group of women all over the
country, that's why I didn't hear the bell I was preparing packages to go out."

"Ah, thank you. It's really beautiful, all of this. I couldn't afford it, but I
do like it."

"Thank you. So ever worked in retail before."

"I can't say I have. But I'm a hard worker, quick learner and ready to do
anything you want me to do."

"Are you now? What was your last job?"

"Oh, that would be waitress back in college."

"And you've not worked after?"

"No, that's something I rather not talk about. It's still difficult for me to
talk about, I'm sorry. Let's just say I'm a survivor of an abusive
relationship."

"Don't say more. I understand. I've been there myself. I started the Rose when
I got out of it about 20 years ago. So you're looking to feel useful again?"

"Yes," I looked at her curiously, "Yes, that is exactly it." Only someone who
had actually been there could understand such a thing and I felt a kinship to
this woman I had never felt before. "Yes, I haven't felt useful for so long and
I really need to feel it again."

"Yes, I understand. Well, my name is Silvia and when can you start?"

"Really? You mean that?"

"Sure, use women have to stick together, don't we? And I've been looking for
weeks now, plus I have a good feeling about you. I've learned to always trust
my gut. So, come back tomorrow and I will have all the papers ready for you to
sign and we can see where this goes. Welcome to _The Black Rose_, Laura."

"Thank you so much, I will be here tomorrow. At what time do you expect me?"

"Just after eleven. I will be here all day."

Hours later I sat down at a table in _The Lavish Chateau_, one of the oldest
restaurants in town. Moments later Marisha walked in and I waved to show her
where I was. With a big smile on her face she sat down. "How did it go?" she
asked.

"Well, I got a job."

"Really? Where?"

"A little boutique called _The Black Rose_, you know it?"

"The Black Rose? Really? Wow. That's a really exclusive boutique, Silvia
doesn't just trust anyone to come work for her. You must have really charmed
her."

"You know her?"

"Sure, all the locals do. Silvia is, how do I put it? Special. She used to be
an exotic dancer in one of the clubs out here. With the money she earned she
opened the Rose. There are rumors she did a little _more_ for the tips she got,
if you get my drift."

"Really? She did?"

"I don't know for sure, as I said it's just rumors."

"Well, I will see where it goes. I had a good feeling of her, she recognized
where I'm coming from and there's something about her that tells me she knows
what I went through."

"Oh that's for sure. It's a well known secret around here. Her ex almost beat
her to death one day. He went to prison where someone killed him for doing what
he did to her. She was somewhat of the local sweetheart back then, in a way she
still is."

"Wow, I didn't know. All I saw was the sign in the window and I thought I try."

"Well, congratulations. Charming Silvia isn't an easy feat. Now, about my good
news. I got a promotion the other day. My manager called me into the office and
told me he was leaving the company. Now they want me to manage the bistro."

"Wow, really? Congratulations!"

"Yeah, one step closer to becoming a franchisee. I'm so excited about it."

"I bet you are. Let's celebrate, let's get a bottle of wine this time."

"You read my mind," Marisha chuckled.

The next day I went back to the Rose around noon, the bell made me chuckle
again and Silvia looked up from whatever she was doing in the store. "Laura!"
she exclaimed when she saw me, "I was waiting for you. Come in, come in. Let's
go into the back. I've got all the papers ready. Once you've signed I thought
we might get some lunch together and get to know each other a little better.
What do you think?"

"I think that would be a good idea." I smiled.

After reading the contract and not really understanding what was written there
I called Kevin Roger, my attorney who was more than willing to take a quick
look. I send him some pictures of the papers in front of me. After a few
minutes he called me. "It's your basic contract, nothing special. You can sign
if you want to. But first tell me, how are you doing?"

"I'm getting there," I said, "I'm really getting there. Having this job will
help a lot."

"I'm sure it will," he replied, "Don't hesitate to call me sometime. I really
want to know how you are doing. You're more than a client to me, you feel like
family."

"Thank you for saying that," I replied, "It really means a lot."

A few minutes later I handed Silvia the signed contract and she cheered "Let's
go to lunch! I want to celebrate this."

"Well, lead the way _boss_," I chuckled.

Silvia froze in her stride, turned to me and said "Don't ever call me that
again. I'm just Silvia, nothing more nothing less." Her smile returned and she
said "Now let us go get some lunch. I'm starving."

During lunch I told her a little bit of my past and she just listened. When I
was done she said "Yeah, I've been there. You might have heard a little about
me already and most of it is true. I was in a coma for three weeks after that
bastard attacked me. He made me do what I did back then, I never wanted to be a
dancer. I wanted to have my own little store. When he got arrested I kept on
dancing for a little longer until I could open _The Rose_. Never danced again."

"I am so sorry to ask this, but I just need to know. Did you ever do _a little
more_ than just dance?"

"Never! But the rumor did help me a lot, men tipped me more because of it and
sometimes I would take men to a small room in the back. But I never ever took
off my panties for them, it was all fantasy what we did back there. Some men
found it necessary to gloat and I just didn't deny it."

I chuckled "Different times back then."

"They sure were," Silvia laughed, "Thank you for asking me. There aren't many
people who dare and I appreciate it. I've never hidden it, anyone who asked I
told the truth. Not many of them asked though."

My appreciation of this woman rose a lot that lunch and I started to really
like her. She was open and honest about her past, she never denied any of it
and it felt I could really be myself with her. "Now," she said, "Let's talk
shop for a moment. When can you start? What about next Monday?"

"I will be there," I smiled, "At what time?"

"We open at nine, so half past eight?"

"No problem."

We parted ways after that lunch and I felt really good about myself. As I was
walking back home my phone rang. It was Marisha. "Hey," she said, "Want to go
out tonight? I really want to go dancing tonight." I tried to protest but
Marisha didn't want to hear about it. "The _Evening Nip_ has a special night
tonight and I really want to go. Please? We can dress up and have some fun,
come on Laura. Go with me?"

"How many people have you asked before me?"

"About four. I'm so sorry. But I know you don't like to go out, but you're the
last one I could think off. Please?"

"Okay, okay. Maybe it's time for me to have some fun. I think I'm ready for
it."

"Thank you. Thank you. I will pick you up at eight. Oh, I am so excited!"

Just before eight there was a knock on my door. My jaw dropped when I saw how
stunning Marisha looked. In her tight red dress she was just amazing and I knew
I was way under dressed. "Are you wearing that?" she asked with a chuckle.
"Come let's get you dressed," she took my hand and pulled me to my bedroom
where she opened my closet and pulled out one of dressed from when I was
nothing more than arm candy. "What about this one?"

"Oh no, I can't. My ex made me wear that."

"What better way than to take revenge on him. What would he think off you going
out to have some fun wearing one of _his_ dresses." An hour later we stood in
line to get into the _Evening Nip_, never knew this club was this popular. It
took us another 20 minutes to get to the front of the line. "Hey Jules, how are
you today?" Marisha smiled to the bouncer standing near the entrance.

"Won't help you today Marisha," he grunted, "It's quite busy today."

"Aw, come one Jules. It's me, you can let us in. Travis might even like you a
little bit more."

"Travis? You mean my brother would like me more if I let you in? Huh, never
knew that was possible."

"Darn, forgot he's your brother. I could get you more of that stuff you like so
much. Did you run out of it yet?"

"You know I did. What was it? Five months ago?"

"Yeah, had a lot to do lately. But I could get you more."

The bouncer sighed, opened the gate and grunted "Same place this week. Don't
forget."

As we went inside I asked Marisha what she had to get him. "Oh, fresh nutmeg.
He's not a chef and fresh nutmeg is rather expensive. I can order it through
the bistro for way cheaper."

"Nutmeg? I was sure you meant something else."

In the lobby we got the cards we could use to order and just as we were about
to enter Marisha said "Be prepared to be amazed." She spun around and opened
the door for us. The music was rather loud but still at a volume you could
speak normally. To our left was a seating area and almost all the tables were
filled with couples or groups of people chatting. On the far end was a large
circular bar, almost all the stools were filled. To the left of the bar was a
heavy leather curtain, above it a sign telling us to always close the curtains.
Marisha pulled me through those curtains and we ended up on the dance floor.
Surrounding that floor were more seats and the DJ was playing some sort of
house music. The beats were thumping and I could feel it in my gut.

"Let's get something to drink," Marisha shouted over the music. We went back to
the bar and sat down. Marisha ordered two wines and we chatted for a while.
"Oh, my favorite song," she squealed, took my hand and pulled me back to the
dance floor. "Come on, have some fun!" she shouted and started dancing. I moved
slowly, it had been a long time I had been on a dance floor. But Marisha just
let it go and danced full out. I had to chuckle a little and did my best not to
feel awkward. It took me a while to just let go, when I finally did I did with
everything I had.

Marisha was totally surprised and a little in awe when she watched me dance.
"Wow," she shouted, "You should think about dancing here. You're a natural."

"I used to love to dance," I shouted back, "Can't believe I ever stopped."

We spent about half an hour dancing before we went back to the bar for another
round of wines and some cooling off. We danced some more and I had the best
time since a long time. Best of all I had it in one of my _arm candy_ dresses,
it felt like Marisha said some sort of revenge. We spent a few more hours at
the Nip before I got a taxi to bring me home. All in all it was one of the best
nights I had in a long time.

The next day I woke up with a bit of a hangover, still I made it to the Rose on
time. "Ah, someone had a good night," Silvia chuckled when I walked in.

"Do I look that bad?" I replied.

"Oh no, you look wonderful. No, I saw you on the dance floor last night. You've
got some moves, girl."

"You were there?"

"Of course I was. I'm there quite often. Reminds me of my dancing days, the
music might be different, the beats are still the same." she laughed. I helped
her pack the orders for the rest of the day and helped a couple of women who
came to the store. It was around four when Silvia sat me down in the office in
the back. "You should really consider dancing," she said out of the blue, "You
were so elegant and, well, rather enticing. I could show you some moves that
will make the men crazy."

"Oh no, that's not for me. I love to move on a dance floor, you know where a
lot of people are."

"Really? Didn't you notice you created an empty space? People stepped aside
just to watch you dance, girl. Didn't you notice?"

"No, if I had I would have stopped. I hate being the center of attention."

"So do I. But when the music starts, I become someone else. A character."

"Really? I never thought of it that way."

"Sure, dancing is just an elegant form of acting. We tell a story with our body
and not our voices. I can be angry, sad, all kinds of emotions. All expressed
by the moves I make. A striptease is just telling a story."

"A story in which you get naked."

"Sure, but I never showed anything. It's all about the timing. Cover yourself
at just the right moment to do so."

"Is it? Wow."

"Yep, I really think you could be a very good stripper or burlesque as they
call it now. In burlesque you don't actually show anything, you suggest being
naked or you actually are but you cover the important bits."

"Wow, you really think I could? Never thought of it."
