# My Dirty Little Secret
_a series of erotic tales by Transgirl_

## Seditio

### Prologue
People say the older you get the wiser you become. I might be the exception to
that saying. I started to rebel at a late age, after puberty I mean, and I
really never stopped after I realized the freedom it gave me. In some ways I
still rebel against the norms of society. Mainly because I think it's not
societies job to tell me what I can and cannot do as long as I don't harm
anyone with what I am doing. Sure I have made mistakes, but the goal of
mistakes is to learn from them and doing your utmost not to make those mistakes
again. At least that's my opinion.

For a long time I've been struggling whether or not I should write down the
story of my life. People kept saying that I should but I never felt quite ready
and I'm not much of a writer. Using a ghost-writer seemed so _ingenious_. If I
wanted to share it I should write it myself, I always told myself. So here I am
sitting in my office, staring at a screen writing it all down.

I will try to make this as structured as I can, starting with my childhood and
ending where I am today, who I am today. It's been a life with ups and downs,
as with every person on this planet, but mine could be a bit more _extreme_ so
to say. Like ever other person I have my regrets, things I shouldn't have done,
but all in all it has led to an interesting experience. According to everybody
who knows I have truly lived and enjoyed my life.

Oh my, this all sounds very depressing. Just to be clear I'm in no way ending
my life, I still enjoy it way to much. Even in the dawn of my life I love
living and really don't want it to stop ever.

There is just one disclaimer in all of this. As I said I don't want to hurt
anyone in my past and current life, so I will not be using real names of either
persons or places. If you ever crossed my path you know who you are and that's
enough for me. Neither will I give any person the job they have or had, I care
about most of the people who were or still are in my life and I want to protect
them in any way I can.

With that all being said, let's just start at the beginning.

### Chapter One
It's not that I had a bad childhood or anything like that, it was quite the
contrary. As far as I'm concerned I had a very nice one. My parents loved me
and growing up in a small town made it possible for me to play outside care
free. During the summers we went to the small lake just outside of town to go
swimming and during the winters we could go sledding down the mountains. White
Falls wasn't a large town, but large enough to have it's own high-school. The
school wasn't that big making you feel like a person in stead of a number.

All in all growing up there had been a good experience and I was a happy child.
That all changed when my parents divorced and my mother mentally collapsed.
From the age of eleven I had to walk on egg shells and she could explode over
the smallest of things. So in order to keep the peace at home I withdrew into
myself so I wouldn't draw her wrath. On top of it all my mother began to drink
heavily and it was all up to me to take care of the household as my mother laid
on the couch with a bottle in her hand.

When she consequently lost her job things only got worse, finally resorting in
me moving in with my aunt who lived a few houses down the road. Not long after
my aunt got full custody of me and we moved to another town just to get away
from my now fully addicted mother. All of this had a profound impact on me and
even though my aunt kept telling me it wasn't my fault I didn't feel that way.
My mother had told me something else every chance she could. "I wish you were
never born," she once shouted, "It all went wrong when you were born. I should
have gotten an abortion, just like I wanted when I found out I was pregnant.
But no, that asshole of a man wanted to be a dad and he even left you. You are
worthless, a waste of air. Why don't you just hang yourself and make this world
a little better, you whore!"

Mind you I was 12 at the first time she said that to me and 14 when I moved in
with my aunt. Those three years of mental abuse had changed me and I just
didn't talk to anyone, I withdrew into my room reading books full of magic,
adventure and dreamed of being one of them. All I wanted was to get out of
there, as far away from everything and everyone. My aunt did her best to help
me but I had closed off and didn't let her in, as it was the only way I knew to
keep anyone from hurting me.

Despite all of this I kept my grades up as it was the only way I could get away
was to go to college on a scholarship or something. Just before my senior year
my mother passed away, she was a victim of a violent robbery when she walked
home from another drinking spree. When, after her funeral, my aunt cleared the
house she found out my mother had taken out a life insurance when she was still
happy and a payout would insure me going to college. My aunt was on the phone
for several days and after the police issued a report about the attack they
finally paid out as it was totally covered by the insurance.

My aunt put all the money in a college fund so it would be there the moment I
graduated and was accepted into a school. I had applied to multiple schools but
there was just one I really wanted to go to: Milton. Not only was it situated
at the other end of the country, it was on of the best colleges in the country
and with my grades I should be eligible. My teachers wrote recommendation 
letters and I was asked to write a 2,000 word essay on why I should be
considered. It took me four weeks to write one I was happy with and with a
shaking hand I posted the letter.

I didn't hear from them for a few months and just before midterms my senior
year I was invited to an interview that would be held online. I remember how
nervous I was sitting in that small office at school, desperately staring at
the screen and wishing it would start already. The interview did not go as I
had expected, it was a nice conversation between me and one of the professors
and not at all the interrogation I was told about. She wanted to know who I
was, why I wanted to go to Milton and what my aspirations were. She talked to
me like I would expect a caring mother to do and made me feel very comfortable.

I told her about my childhood and how I kept my grades up despite everything.
How I saw going to Milton as a chance to break the cycle of staying in this
small town and becoming like my mother or the rest of my family, disgruntled
human beings who didn't see a way out anymore. It basically came down to what I
had written in my essay. Not that it was easy to talk about, not in the least,
but writing it down for the first time in that essay had made it easier. "She
has read it so she knows already," was what I thought.

When the interview was over she told me they would send me a letter with their
decision. When the screen went black I had no clue on how I had done, I just
didn't. All I knew I had done my best to get in. During the time I was waiting
I got two acceptance letters from other colleges, but those weren't the ones I
was waiting for. Just before finals a letter from Milton arrived. I just
couldn't open it, my whole body was shaking and I felt so sick. "They declined
my application," I said to my aunt, "I'm sure, just open it already and tell me
the bad news."

"Really? Don't you want to do it?" she asked but I said no and she opened the
letter for me. She took it out and read it. Her face went all blank as she read
the words, then she looked at me and said "I'm so sorry!" I just wanted to cry
and then she said "You need to pack and move to Fort Dix, you've been
ACCEPTED!" I could have slapped her, right there and then.

"I've been accepted? I'm going to Milton?" I just couldn't believe it and
grabbed the letter from her. I quickly read it until I reached the words
"...it's our honor to inform you that you've been accepted to our program.
Congratulations..." I just screamed and jumped through the house. "I'M GOING TO
MILTON!" My aunt jumped with me and hugged me tightly.

"I knew you could do it," she said when she held me, "I'm so proud of you. My
niece is going to Milton Law School. Who would have thought."

I sat down on the couch and read the rest of the letter. "We were thoroughly
impressed by the essay and by the interview. Together with all the
recommendation letters we came to the conclusion you would be an excellent
addition to our student core. We would therefore welcome you to join our
introduction week starting the 10th of August." they had written. It talked
some more about getting information about my roommate and about the dorms I
would be assigned to.

When I told my teachers they couldn't have been more happy for me. My English
teacher who had helped me with the essay even cried when I told her. She took
me in her arms and congratulated me. But I had to return to reality, I still
had to graduate and wanted to do that in the best way I possibly could. I
studied hard and passed with flying colors, just because I wanted to go to
Milton.

When one of the boys asked me to go to prom my aunt and I went hunting for a
dress and it was just magical. To me it wasn't just the end of an era, I was
turning the page and starting a new chapter, I was getting out of there. During
the graduation ceremony I wasn't the valedictorian but the principle did
mention me going to Milton. For a moment it was me who was the pride and joy
of that small school in the mid-west. But for me it was more than that, it was
a ticket out of White Falls.

During the summer break I worked in my aunts store just to make a little money
for the first few weeks I would be in Fort Dix so I didn't have to get a job
right away. The day of me leaving came quicker than all of us expected and my
aunt handed me a plane ticket the day before. Because the money was tight it
was decided I would go there all by myself. It wasn't something I was looking
forward to, but there wasn't any other way. Driving there just wasn't an
option, it just was too far.

At the airport my aunt hugged me and we both had tears in our eyes as we said
goodbye. "Thank you for everything," I said, "I love you so much, Pat." She
hated it when I called her Aunt Patricia and I would use that name whenever I
teased her, but this wasn't the moment for it.

"You're so welcome Laura," she replied. It was time for me to check in and I
waved a few times as I went through security and made my way to the waiting
area. I sat down on one of the many benches, cried a little as I tried to read.
After about ten minutes someone asked "Is this seat taken?" I looked up and it
was my aunt holding up a ticket!

"What are you doing here?" I asked her.

"You didn't really think I would let you go like this, did you?" she replied.

I jumped up and hugged her. "How? What?" was all I could utter.

"Well, all your teachers chipped in and we bought you that ticket. But we
raised enough for two and they told me to go with you. So here I am. But I
wanted to really surprise you." Again I wanted to slap her, but laughed and
hugged her again. She was everything I had wanted my own mother to be.

About an hour later we boarded and flew to Fort Dix, stayed in a hotel for the
night and the next day we took a taxi to Milton College. I just kept looking
out the window to the new city I would call home for the foreseeable future.
After about 20 minutes we arrived at our destination. My aunt payed the driver
and I got my luggage out of the car. In front of us the old wall surrounding
one of the oldest colleges in the country, to the right of us was the very well
known _Gate to Knowledge_ and I was very nervous when I stepped over the red
brick line underneath it. _Stepping over the bricks is a right of passage_ I
had read on the website of the college and it surely felt that way.

After registering at the central Administration building, I got handed some
papers and sat down for a photo for my student ID. "You can pick it up
tomorrow," the woman said, "Today is arrival day and nothing special has been
planned. Tomorrow morning at 10 our principle will open the new school year and
this is the program for introduction week. You are assigned room 426 of C wing
in the dorms. And that's about it. Welcome to Milton, Laura." She smiled as she
said the last words and I thanked her for everything.

As we walked to the dorms I recognized someone and when I realized it was the
professor who had interviewed me I ran over to thank her. "Oh, don't thank me,"
she said with a smile, "You did all the work. All I did was ask some questions.
Welcome, welcome to Milton. I knew you would make it the moment I said goodbye.
I have to go now, but we will surely see each other again."

With renewed energy from that encounter we went on to find C wing of the dorms
and when we finally saw the giant letter above the entrance we couldn't help
but think we were a little dumb. The security guard checked my name on a list
and gave us instructions on how to get to my new room. Suddenly I got nervous
all over again, meeting new people always made me uncomfortable. Yes we had
talked on the phone for ten minutes, but this was totally different. This was
the person I would share a room with for four years if everything went right.

My room was all the way to the end of the hallway, the last door to the right
and when we got there I knocked on the open door to announce my arrival. A girl
popped her head around the corner, saw me and said "Laura?" I nodded and she
walked up to me to shake my hand. "Marisha, so nice to finally meet you face to
face." She then turned to my aunt and said "Hi, I'm Marisha. Excuse the mess I
was unpacking. I already chose a bed, hope you don't mind."

I shook my head both sides were mirror images of each other so I really didn't
care that much. In the middle of the room two wardrobes stood back to back
acting like sort of a divider. In both halves there was a bed, a locker and a
small desk to study at. I placed my luggage on the bed and my aunt sat down on
the chair next to the desk. "Well, it's small but bigger than the room I had in
college." She had gone to community college close to White Falls and had worked
herself up at the company she worked for.

After unpacking it was time for my aunt to get to the airport. Her flight would
leave in a few hours and saying goodbye was harder than I thought it would be.
When she walked out the door reality of the whole situation sank in and
suddenly I realized I was in a huge city thousands of miles from home and I
felt a sadness come over me. About ten minutes later Marisha, who had left the
two of us alone for a while, walked back in saw me and said "Oh, don't be sad.
It's a good day. We're starting our lives for real. Come one, let's get a
coffee or something. Let's explore campus."

Despite not feeling like it I did go with her and after getting a beverage we
explore campus. On the central square we saw loads of students walking to
wherever they were going. We just kept walking and when we reached the back
entrance we went into the large park behind the school. It was so beautiful
there with lots of ponds, remains of some old ruins and it was just so peaceful
there. We sat down near one of the ponds and chatted for a while. As we did I
didn't really know what to make of her, she was so totally different from me.

She was open and outgoing, where I was more reserved, yet somehow she intrigued
me and we just had a good time sitting there chatting about nothing really
important. After about an hour we returned to campus to go and get something to
eat in the large mess hall on campus. On our arrival we had gotten a voucher
for a free meal and the both of us were rather hungry. After filling our trays
we found somewhere to sit down and we both kept looking around the massive
hall.

After roaming campus for a while longer we returned to our room and being both
tired we went to bed rather early. Despite my initial fear of not liking my new
roommate I went to sleep with a total different feeling about her. Little did I
know how close the two of us would become.

### Chapter Two
Introduction week went as expected and before I knew it real classes had
started. It took me some time to get used to the new situation and to find a
rhythm combining school with spending some time with the new friends I made,
mostly through Marisha. But I managed to combine it all and the first semester
wasn't all that hard anyway.

In the third week I got a job as a waitress at a restaurant located at the
other side of the park behind the school. It didn't pay much and was totally
dependent on tips, but at least it was something. The first day I had to get
used to the way they wanted me to serve and of course I had to learn the menu,
but that was easy enough to do. Within a few days I was almost as quick as the
girls who had worked there for over a year. Being more capable meant the
customers were more satisfied and my tips began to grow larger. After just a
few weeks I averaged 40 dollars a night.

The problem was however if I wanted a better job I needed a car and that was
something I didn't have. I called my aunt for some advise on how to solve it,
but she couldn't help me either and I earned to little to ask a bank to finance
one. So I was stuck with that low paying job at the restaurant.

Four weeks later my aunt called out of the blue. "Hey," she said, "about that
car issue. I've been thinking and I've asked around a little. I've contacted
your father and he's willing to help you."

"My father? I haven't seen him since the divorce. He abandoned me." I replied.

"Oh no," she said, "That's not true at all. Is that what she told you? No, she
kept you from him. And when he persisted she took out a restraining order on
him. She lied to the police and a judge to get one. I am so sorry for what she
did to you. Sometimes I don't even recognize my own sister."

"What? She did what?"

"You heard me. Well, I've asked a lawyer and now she's passed away, the
restraining order is too. You could see him if you want to."

"So he didn't abandon me?"

"No, not at all. He so desperately wants to see you again. Is it okay if I give
your number to him? I didn't want to do it without you knowing."

"I don't know. It feels all a bit strange. Did he at least fight for me?"

"Oh yes, he told me everything. But with the restraining order there wasn't
much he could do. He wasn't allowed in town at all. He tried to fight it, but
the judge took your mothers side. She had told them he had beaten her and raped
her. She told them she was so afraid of him and that's why she started
drinking."

"Oh my God." I uttered. I didn't want to speak ill of my own mother, but this?
I thought for a moment and said "Yes, give him my number. But I can't promise
it will work out. We haven't seen each other for so long. I don't know how I
will react. Where does he live now? Is he married? Kids?"

"That's not for me to tell you," my aunt replied, "That's up to him."

Within twenty minutes my phone rang again, an unknown number. Filled with fear
I answered the phone. "Laura?" a voice sounded on the other side, I immediately
recognized him and started to cry. "Dad?" We just listened to each others
breathing, I cried so hard and kept saying "Dad? Is it really you?"

After a few minutes he said "Yes pumpkin, it's really me. I am so sorry what
happened to you. I truly am. I tried so hard to get you out of there, but I
just couldn't. I tried everything, everything. But I'm here now pumpkin, I'm
here." Hearing his voice again brought back all the memories, the good and the
bad. We talked for a while, at least I tried to but just kept bursting into
tears. I listened to his side of the story, he explained why he had to leave,
why he couldn't take it any longer. She abused him even more than she did me.
He told me things I didn't know about. Like that time my mother told me he was
on a business trip. In reality she had locked him in the basement to punish
him, he didn't have any food for four days. That's when he left, he just had
to.

"But I'm here now pumpkin, I've missed you so much," he said.

"Did you marry again?"

"Yes, yes I did. Want to talk to her? Her name is Annie, she had two kids of
her own and I'm a step-dad now."

"Wow, I've got siblings?"

"Yes, and they want to meet you too. Their names are Tori and James, 16 and 18
years old. They are good kids."

"Wow," was all I could say.

"Hello?" a female voice said, "Is this Laura? I'm so pleased to finally speak
with you. Your father told me all about you, he just couldn't stop talking and
he was looking for so long." I started crying again, she had a lovely voice and 
sounded so warm and friendly. "Oh please baby, don't cry. This is a good day, a
very good day. Are you free this weekend? We want to come over and meet you for
real. My kids can't wait to meet their new sister, they've been asking for a
long time too. Oh Laura! Please stop crying. As I said this is a good day."

I dried my tears and said "I am so sorry, but this is all just too much for me.
I don't know if I can cope with it all."

"Oh baby," she said, "I'm taking this phone into my office. We need some girl
talk. Whow, you might be her father but your NOT a girl! Take your hand off
this phone! Yes, I will make sure she talks to you after I'm done. Now just
leave me alone. So sorry Laura, but we're alone now. Just you and me. Come on
baby, talk to me." I chuckled softly and Annie said "Oh good, she can laugh.
That's a step forward. Now talk to me girl, I'm here for you."

We talked for a while and she told me her name was Anisha, Annie to her
friends. She told me she came out of an abusive relationship herself and that
she met my father at a meeting for battered spouses. They went out for coffee,
went on a date or two and a year later they got married. "He's the best man
I've ever met," she said, "And the best thing is I don't have to explain
anything, he knows. He really knows. Maybe that's why I fell for him. But
enough about me, what about you? Student at Milton, I heard? You go girl, you
rock." I chuckled again and it was clear why my father had fallen for her too.

"Now," she said after about twenty minutes, "I'm going to give this phone back
to your father. We will see you Saturday. I like you Laura, I really do." I
spoke with my father for another 10 minutes or so before we said goodbye. When
I hung up I felt happy and anxious at the same time. It had felt so good to
talk to him again, but I felt anxious about what the future would bring for us.

That Saturday I was all nerves, I woke up way to early and there was still
quite some time until I would meet my father again. I tried to be as calm as
possible, but just couldn't think of anything else but that. I kept looking at
the clock and time seemed to have slowed down.

I was pacing the same two feet up and down, it was almost time. I kept looking
down the street at every car that came around the corner. Then when I looked up
again I saw this man walking towards me, his arms out wide and I just ran into
them. "DAD!" I shouted. He held me in his arms and just hugged me. We didn't
say a word for almost twenty minutes. He even smelled familiar. When we finally
let go I saw a dark woman standing a few feet from me, next two her a beautiful
girl and a very handsome boy. Shyly I made my way over to them and waved to the
kids, they waved back and had big smiles on their faces.

I walked over to Annie and reached out my hand. "Come here stupid," she said
with a big smile and hugged me. I put my arms around her and cried again. Then
I hugged Tori and James too. "Hi, I'm Laura," I said to them.

"Do you really go to school here?" Tori asked.

I nodded and said "Want to see my room?" Tori nodded heavily and I took her
hand as we made our way back to my room. On the way over Tori and I chatted
about anything, she seemed like a really nice girl. James did his best to look
macho and Tori teased him with it. I never had siblings and this was as close
to real siblings I would ever get. I showed them my room and Tori was totally
mesmerized. She then turned around and said "I'm going to ask for a transfer, I
want to go here too."

Annie laughed and said "Okay dear, just leave Thornton and go here. Start all
over again because they don't have a Medical department here."

"You go to Thornton Medical?" I blurted out, "Really? That was my second
choice."

Tori nodded and said "Freshmen too. It's hard, but I will get there."

"I want to go to Thornton too, not Medical though. Technical. I want to be an
Robot Engineer." James said.

"Wow, Robots," I replied, "Then I will sue your ass for making all my clients
unemployed."

"You can try, baby, you can try." James laughed.

I showed them around campus as we made our way to the back entrance to go into
the park. We sat down on one of the benches and it felt so good to have a
family again, or at least what would become my family. We went to get something
to eat and during that lunch my father said "Now, Pat told me about a little
problem you have. Something about not having wheels."

"She did?" I replied, "Sometimes she doesn't know when to shut up."

My father chuckled "No she doesn't, but that's what we like about her."

"Yes, I've got this job at the restaurant over there. But if I want something
better I need a car and I can't afford one. So I asked Pat if she know how to
help me. I tried to get a loan but nobody wants to help me."

"Ah," my father said, "You know what? I really think you don't need to get a
car. I mean, what do you need a new car for? There are buses, trains, taxis
even Uber could be something. Do you really need one?"

I looked at him and said "Yes dad, I really do."

"Well, okay then. Let me talk to Annie about this and we can see what we can
do. No promises though. I really meant that you don't need a new car."

After that lunch Annie wanted to see some of the sights and we walked back to
the parking lot. They all got into this car and closed the doors before I could
get in. I stood there just dumbfounded and raised my arms. My father rolled
down the window and said "What?"

"Where do I sit?" I asked.

"Well, in your own damn car." he replied.

"I don't have one."

"Oh yes you do, you're standing right next to it. Look behind you."

I turned around and saw this beautiful red Toyota Camry and I just slammed both
my hands against my mouth. They all started to laugh behind me and I just cried
again. My father stepped out and handed me the keys. "Like I said you don't
need a new car, you already got one."

"This is mine?" I stuttered and just stared at the keys in my hands with wide
open eyes.

My father nodded and said "Get in. Try it out."

I unlocked the car and Tori shouted "SHOTGUN!". As I stepped in she sat down
in the passenger seat. I caressed the steering wheel, the dashboard and said
once more "This is mine?". I rolled down the window and my father leaned in.
"This is all yours. All Annie's idea, she chose this one. Did she make the
right choice?" I nodded and said "Thank you. Thank you so much. This is way too
much though. I'm going to pay you back, I promise."

"With that smile you already did," my father said, "Now, it's insured on our
policy. All you have to do is take good care of it and pay for gas. All the
paper work is in the glove compartment."

"It drives like a charm," Tori said, "I drove it here. It's such a nice car."

"Thank you," I said, "I don't know what to say."

"What about 'let's get some ice-cream'?," Annie said, followed by a "Oh no you
don't. This is the girls car now, you go sit with Robert in the boys car. Come
on sister, let's go. I want to see the sights and we've been here for way too
long already."

I turned around to the backseat, reached out to Annie and said "Thank you,
thank you so much. You have no idea what this means to me."

"It's okay, baby. It's a gift from the both of us for graduating and getting
into Milton. It's our honor and seeing you this happy with it is all we want to
see from you. I love you Laura. I will be there for you any time you need me. I
will text you so you have my number. And by the way, did you know I'm a lawyer?
So whenever I can help with school, call me okay?"

"She's a good one too. She just got an innocent man off death row. She fought
for him for over six years."

"Wait a second. Are you _the_ Anisha Brown?" I blurted out.

Annie turned to her daughter and said "Now the penny drops." Tori laughed and
said "Yes, she's _the_ Anisha Brown."

I started the car, put it in drive and we were on our way to see the sights. "I
haven't seen them either," I said as we drove on the freeway to the old town.
The car drove beautifully and I loved it so much. Tori turned on the radio and
began to sing along with the song that was playing, Annie chimed in and I just
couldn't keep quiet. The three of us sang as loud as we could and giggled when
the song was over.

"You have a beautiful voice," Tori said, "You should sing more often."

"Oh I don't know," I replied, "My mother always --"

"Let's not talk about her today," Annie said as she put her hand on my
shoulder, "This is a good day, a fun day." I just nodded and repeated "A fun
day."

After a day long seeing the sights it was time for them to head home. My father
told me they now lived in Tomlinsville, a two hour drive from Fort Dix. "If you
want to come, you are always welcome. Our home is your home too now. Don't be
afraid to call or come by. Please, don't"

"Second that," Annie said as she hugged me, "You know what I said in the car.
Please don't hesitate to call me. About anything."

Later that evening Marisha came home after a long day at work. When I told her
what happened she couldn't wait to see the car. She was totally in awe and
congratulated me. Then she wanted to hear all about my _new_ family and was so
happy for me. We talked until the early hours and she just listened as I told
her everything that had happened in my life. She didn't interrupt me once, she
just listened.

At the end when I was done she just said "I am so sorry that happened to you. I
really am. But look at you now! Your a student at Milton, you have found your
father again and you have a new car. It's looking really good from where I
stand and I couldn't be happier for you."

And she was right. I had made it out, I shouldn't see myself as a victim any
longer, I was a survivor and I made it! That realization would be the biggest
change in my life. From that day onward I stopped feeling sorry for myself, I
stepped into the world with a new resolve. I was going to live and show the
world what I was made off. That night I fell asleep not being scared of the
next morning, but looking forward to it.

### Chapter Three

