# My Dirty Little Secret
_a series of erotic tales by Transgirl_

## Becoming A Star
All through middle and high school I wasn't one of the popular kids, I was just
one of the gray mouses that roamed the halls of Kingston High. I had my share
of friends but that was mostly online, I was in a guild playing World of
Warcraft where I played a rogue Night Elf. As school was the priority my
parents only allowed me to play during the weekends and then just for a few
hours so I wasn't really all that experienced and my character didn't have that
great of stats. For me it was more the social aspect of it all, I loved talking
to my fellow guild members who were from all over the world.

In my senior year I couldn't wait to go to college, I fully expected to play
online every single day as there would be nobody to prevent me from doing so. I
had promised myself to never let it get in the way of studying though, all
through the years my parents had instilled the importance of a good education
into my system.

My senior year wasn't all that spectacular, I had my prom and graduated top of
the middle in my class. I was more than happy to leave that period of my life
behind me because if college would be half of what my aunt had told me it would
be way better than high school had ever been. Four weeks before I was about to
leave we got the information of who was going to be my roommate in the dorms
and our first call felt rather awkward, from both sides. Who wouldn't feel that
way? If everything went okay we would spend the next four years sharing a room
together.

When it was time to leave my mother felt happy and sad at the same time. Happy
for me, but sad to see me leave the house. I had been an only child and a year
after I was born she got really sick. So sick they had to perform a
hysterectomy and maybe that was the main reason she had always been so
protective of me. But now it was time for me to build my own life, to stand on
my own two feet.

Campus was like any other campus, wide and open with some small shops where
students could get the basic necessities for school and some groceries. If you
needed more you had to go off campus to one of the bigger stores a twenty
minute drive away. For that reason I drove my own car with my mother sitting
next to me, my father followed in their car behind me. During the five our
drive we sang along to the radio and just had a good time, I loved my mother as
she still could be as young as me.

If it hadn't been for the college nearby Milton Dawns would have been just
another sleepy mountain town, but as all the students arrived again if was like
life was breathed into it all over again. All the stores had festive banners,
entrances were decorated with balloons and there were banners saying "Welcome
back Students" hanging over the roads. We drove through the decorated streets
and my mother said "This looks like a fun town, small but fun."

After having parked our cars, packed with bags we proceeded to walk onto
campus. My parents waited patiently as I registered at one of the tables setup
outside the main administration building. "Welcome to Milton College," the girl
said as she handed me my student registration card, "the dorms are behind that
building over there, you can't miss it." I thanked her and returned to my
parents proudly showing my new student id.

When we arrived at the dorms we got into the elevator and got out in the fourth
floor, followed the signs to room 422. The door was open, I knocked just to be
sure and heard someone say "This must be her." With my heart racing I walked in
and a girl with long red hair stepped up to me, her hand out to shake mine.
"Hi, you must be Laura," she said, "I'm Marisha, your new roommate. I hope you
don't mind me already choosing a bed. We arrived about an hour ago, but I
didn't want to leave until you had arrived."

I smiled and said that I didn't care much and threw the bag I was carrying on
the bed still available to me. My parents introduced themselves to hers and
Marisha said "So good to finally meet you. I've been looking forward to this
for quite some time. Do you want to settle in or shall we explore campus?"

"Oh," I replied, "I was expecting to explore campus with my parents, you know
show them around a little."

"That's okay," she replied, "We will have plenty of time to get to know each
other, I guess. Well, see you later then." She looked at her parents and the
three of them left the room.

"She seemed nice," my mother said, "a little strange, but nice." I chuckled as
my mother found every person strange that didn't adhere to her expectations of
how someone should be. She had always been a modest woman, never standing out
and always confirming to what society expected of her. My father was rather
similar in his ways, maybe that was the reason I was who I was.

We strolled over campus for a while, had something to eat at the college
cafeteria and just got a basic idea of where to find everything. Sooner than
expected it was time for my parents to leave. Saying goodbye was harder on me
than I had expected it to be and both my mother and I cried. I waved until I
couldn't see the car anymore and with sort of a heavy heart I walked back to
the dorms. I was sad to see them go, but excited for a new chapter in my life
to start.

Marisha was unpacking her suitcase when I returned to our room. She stopped
what she was doing and handed me one of the keys laying on her desk. "This one
is for you," she said, "Do you like Beyonc√©, I love her." She turned around and
turned on her stereo, second later music filled our room. I hardly knew any of
her songs, but it sounded nice and I didn't particularly hated listening to it.

What I did realize at that moment was that we couldn't have been more
different. Where I was modest and rather introvert, she was out there. It felt
like she didn't care what people thought of her and it felt rather refreshing
to me. When we were done unpacking we went over to the pizza place on campus to
get a slice and something to drink. It took quite some time for our order to be
ready as all the students seemed to have had the same idea.

The next day introduction week started. We were expected to be in the main hall
at nine in the morning, but we arrived there way to early and we weren't the
only ones waiting for the doors to open. Being freshmen we were guided to a
special section in the audience and watched how the rest of the seats slowly
filled with senior students. Just after nine the dean held a speech, which was
rather boring, followed by the best student of the senior year. His speech was
a little more exciting and he talked about college from a student point of
view.

After the opening we had to go to administration to get our list of books we
had to purchase for our classes. Luckily enough there was a second hand market
organized all over campus together with stalls promoting the extracurricular
activities that were available to students. Marisha and I took care of the
books first, before I knew it my arms were filled with all the books I needed
for the first year. In total I had to walk to my locker three times until I had
everything I needed.

When that was taken care off we took some time to look at the other stands
spread out all over campus. From fraternities to sororities, from sports to
computer clubs, everything tried to represent themselves in the best way
possible. There was just one stand that piqued my interest, a stand mostly
ignored by everyone. On the canopy there was a banner with _Natural One, a D&D
guild_. As a Warcraft player I had heard of Dungeons and Dragons, but never got
to play it. So I walked over and behind the stall a girl sat reading a book.

I scraped my throat and asked "A good book?". The girl was clearly startled and
almost dropped her book. I chuckled when I saw her wide eyes looking at me.
Clearly she hadn't expected anyone to even come over to the stall. There were
books on display, dice and all kinds of trays. In front of me one of the books
was spread open and I read the introduction to a class called _tiefling_.

"Oh, I'm so sorry," the girl said, "and yes, it's a good book. Did you read
_The Lord of the Rings_?"

"No," I replied, "but I saw the movies."

"You should read the books," she replied, "It's so much better. Do you like
D&D?"

"I don't know. I've heard about it, I am in a World of Warcraft guild. But I
don't expect to play as much as I used to. I thought I would but now that I'm
actually here I don't think I will have the time."

"Warcraft? Oh, D&D is so much better than that. We play every Friday night. As
a matter of fact we are about to start a new campaign. We do that every year.
Our DM has created such a good world for us to play in and I can't wait to
explore more of it this year. Last year I was a gnome cleric called Pike, this
year I'm going totally the opposite way."

"What will you play?" I asked.

"Oh no, I'm not going to tell you. If you want to know come and see. Or even
better come and play with us. We are a nice group of people and every welcoming
to freshmen. We had to say goodbye to two players, they needed to graduate for
some reason. Oh, I totally forgot. I'm Ashley, second year student here at
Milton."

"Laura, freshmen." I chuckled. Ashley was as chaotic as she dressed, but she
seemed really nice. "But please tell me more about D&D, as I said I've heard
about it but never really understood what it is."

"Okay, you played Warcraft right?" I nodded and she continued "So, ever wanted
to do something that the game didn't allow you to?"

"So many times," I replied.

"Well, in D&D you can do that. You can do anything your character allows. Want
to open all the windows using thaumaturgy? Go ahead. There could be
consequences though, which could range from a bar brawl to a TPK."

"TPK?"

"Yes, Total Party Kill. It all depends on how and where you do it. We all love
to role play, so it isn't just all going into dungeons and fighting, we explore
human behavior, feelings and even romance. Pike was totally organized,
everything she owned was labeled and had it's own spot, so totally not me. But
by playing someone like that I learned to respect them, I learned where it all
came from. In Pikes case a total lack of self esteem."

"So no dungeons. Why not call the game Dragons then?"

Ashley burst into laughter "You know what? You're right. I can't even remember
the last time we went into a real dungeon. I'll ask Matt what he thinks about
that."

"Thinks about what?" a voice behind me sounded. I turned around and a young man
with half long hair walked up to us. He reached out his hand and I shook it.
"Hi, I'm Matt. Interested in D&D?"

"Getting there," I replied, "Never played it before."

"She played WoW," Ashley said, "I don't think D&D will be much of a problem for
her."

"Wow, you played WoW," Matt said, "That sounds stupid now I said it our loud.
You should come to our new game this Friday. We play my room until midnight or
sometimes later. It's so nice my roommate is one of the players too, you would
never have thought when you see him. He's a total jock, but he loves D&D and
other geeky shit. His comic collection is larger than mine."

"I will think about it," I replied, "Could I just watch a game or two, to get
the feel of it?"

"Sure, you are more than welcome," Ashley replied, "It would be so nice to have
another girl sitting at the table. I'm the only one until now." She handed me a
flyer with all the information I needed and I headed back to my room. On the
way over I wasn't sure I wanted to join them, but my interest had been piqued.
"Maybe this is way more fun than sitting, staring at a screen all night," I
thought.

The rest of the week was filled with introduction classes where I got to meet
the professors and my fellow students. On the last day there were all kinds of
activities, mostly sport related, all over campus and it had been a very fun
day. I wasn't good at sports but I did my best not to disappoint the team I was
put in. After the last game I took a shower, brushed my hair and changed into
something comfortable. Marisha and I joined all the other students in the
cafeteria where we could get a dinner for just three dollars. Way cheaper than
we could do for ourselves, which we totally could as every floor had a kitchen
available to them.

After dinner Marisha had to start her new job and I was sitting in our room
alone. "Sod it," I said to myself, grabbed my keys and made my way over to
Matt's room. I knocked on the door feeling a little anxious and got really
nervous when I saw the group of people sitting in his room. They were all
laughing and chatting with each other. "Laura!" Ashley shouted, "So nice to see
you again. Come in, come in. You can sit here, next to me. Travis has been
bothering me so please protect me."

I looked at the boy she had been pointing to. He had big strong arms, a
muscular torso and a square jaw. Everything you would expect from someone
described as jock. "Oh don't bad mouth me," he chuckled, "You like it, just
admit it. Hi, I'm Travis."

"Hi, Laura, pleased to meet you," I replied. The others introduced themselves
too as I sat down in the chair next to Ashley who just said "It's so nice to
finally have another girl in this room. People started talking about me. And
not in a nice way." She started laughing and the boy who had introduced himself
as Sam said "What? About you? We all know you're still a virgin."

"Oh wouldn't you like to know," Ashley rebutted with a laugh. They all felt
more like siblings the way the interacted with each other and they all were so
different. Sam, for example, told me he also was part of an acapella group
called _the Milton Mouses_. Then there was the total nerd called Liam and the
goth Taliesin. They all just seemed to get along fine and were just chatting
and teasing each other until Matt scraped his throat. The game was about to
begin and we all went quiet.

"Welcome to Wildmount," he said as he described the landscape, some of the
history and everything else we needed to know about the lands we were in. He
was such a good story teller and sucked me in right from the get go. "On the
crossroads of several destination we find a small town called Trustenwald. A
town that after they discovered the fertile grounds surrounding it rose to the
status of the premier exported of ales. On the outskirts of town we see a small
tavern. On the second floor of that tavern, in one of the six rooms a
disheveled man is sleeping, with his small travel companion curled up against
him. Liam, if you wouldn't mind, please describe your character."

It was the way he told the story, the way he drew us all in to the fantasy
world he had build that made all of them expand on what he had told them. Liam
described his character and so did Sam who played his companion. The others
where introduced as sitting in the bar, talking about their day. During the
break I asked Matt how I could join and we stepped outside for a moment. After
about half an hour Matt continued telling the story.

"You are all sitting at a table, tankards full of ale and a platter of meats in
front of you. When suddenly the front door swings open, you can't help but look
to see who comes in. Someone shouts 'Close that door! You're letting the cold
in.'"

"Do I recognize them?" Sam asked.

"No," Matt replied and then turned to me, "Laura, please describe your
character." They all cheered and shouted, Ashley shouted "Finally another
girl!" over all of them. I blushed and said "Well, I'm a blue tiefling girl,
that's all. I wear a simple dress, that's all." Matt chuckled when he heard the
Slavic accent I used, something I had done many times while playing WoW.

"You watch as she goes from table to table asking them something, when she
finally arrives at yours." Matt said.

"Hi, have you seen my father?" I said in that Slavic accent once more.

"Depends," Travis replied with a heavy Southern accent, "Who is your father?"

"I don't really know, but he must be blue just like me. Are you guys staying
here? I am looking for a place to sleep." I replied. They all chuckled and
Travis replied "Do you have gold?"

"I have a few coin," I replied, "I've spent it all and don't know what to do
next." I turned to Liam and said "You should take a bath, you know they have
showers here." They all gasped softly.

"A what now?" Liam responded as his character in a heavy German accent.

"You bathe yourself in water. Because you smell really bad and it's wafting
over here. I'm just letting you know because I would feel really bad if I
smelled that bad and nobody told me." They all burst into laughter and Liam
smiled awkwardly. "I've only just met you," he replied.

"Hi, I'm Jester," and I stuck out my hand. Liam didn't shake it, replied with
his characters name Caleb and I replied with "Pleased to meet you Caleb," I
drew out the words and moved my hand up and down as if we shook hands. Ashley
was the one who said "Sit down Jester, we might be able to help you for the
night."

Matt took over with the story and we had our very first small adventure. After
the game he told me he had changed his plans when I told him I wanted to join.
I felt really guilty about it but he said "Oh no, don't worry about it. I'm
used to it as a DM, they throw curve balls every time. It's great that you
joined and your character is so good. We needed a little chaos in the group,
let's meet up tomorrow and think of a good backstory for Jester."

When Marisha came back I couldn't stop talking about the game and the best
thing was she just listened. "I'm so happy you had a good night," she said,
"mine was simply depressing. I don't know if I want to keep working there, it
was so bad." I felt really sorry for her and we talked for a long time. Despite
our differences we got along really well, something that really surprised me.

The first semester flew by and I had done well enough to pass the tests, the
second one wouldn't be that easy the professors assured us. I really had to
step up my game if I wanted to pass this year. So when classes started again I
had decided to join a study group in the library. During the weekends Marisha
mostly went home and I used that time to study some more in the library, it was
so nice to have all the books I needed around me. When I got the results from
the first round of tests I was so happy with myself. Joining that group and
spending more time in the books had really helped me a lot and I could wind it
down a little more.

As I was alone most of the time during the weekends I got a job in a local
restaurant. Not that waiting tables was my ideal job, but at least it gave me
some pocket money to spend. I was one of the lucky ones who didn't have to take
out a loan to go to college, my parents were paying for it all, but it left me
with just a few dollars every week which I mostly spent on food. By having a
job I could finally afford some new clothes or some more gas in my car.

During one of those weekends I drove for twenty minutes to the next town over.
Willington Falls was quite a bit larger than Milton Dawn and had the best mall
I had ever seen, which wasn't the feat it sounded to be as the mall in my
hometown wasn't all that great. I loved browsing the shops there, looking for
clothes, purses or anything else I could dream off. Not that I had the money to
buy anything, it still was nice to dream.

Back in my car I thought I knew the way and didn't bother to set my GPS
navigation. I took a wrong turn and ended up in the poorer part of town. The
buildings were a little more dilapidated and I drove until I found a fully lit
parking lot to set my navigation. As I was doing that I noticed some girls
walking across the street, the lights blinded me a little so I couldn't see
them that well. I noticed they were walking up and down the same part of street
and I wondered what they were doing there. It all became clear when I car
stopped near one of them and I watched as she leaned over on the passenger side
of the car. She then got in and they drove off. With a shock I realized what
they were doing there and gasped as I realized they were hookers.

Of course I knew about women selling their bodies, but I had never seen them
with my own eyes. Especially not as they were _working_. I finished setting the
GPS and followed the instructions the lovely lady gave me, within minutes I was
back on the road to Milton Dawn. As I was driving my thoughts went back to
those girls and I started to wonder how it would feel being one of them. What
had them made to choose to do this? As far as I could see there weren't any
cars nearby where their pimps could be in, but maybe I just didn't know where
to look. What if they had chosen to do it? What if they weren't forced or
anything? All kinds of thoughts went through my head.

When I was back in my room I looked it up and learned that the street corner
where these girls were working was the only spot where they could legally be.
"Third street is a protected area for sex workers," the site told me, "The
women working there have police protection as long as they are not involved
with other criminal activity or are forced to be there. These women are
required to not have a person 'protecting' them, commonly known as _pimps_.
These women have access to the following hotels/motels to conduct business."

Underneath the article was a list of hotels/motels where they could rent a room
by the hour and where there was security to protect them. "All the rooms are
equipped with a panic button." it read underneath the list. "This way we do our
best to make their work as safe as possible."

I was just amazed by what I had just read and couldn't believe a city would
even do such a thing. The feeling that topped it all was the one where I was
just in awe of it. "It's so nice of them," I thought, "These women can do this
without the worry of getting arrested or anything like that. On top of that
they have a certain measure of protection." It all just was so amazing and I
really admired the city council for doing it.

All through the semester those women popped back into my head every now and
again. Mostly when I was alone in my room studying and ever so slowly I wanted
more and more to experience being there among them, but I also knew I was way
to chicken to ever do such a thing. I had to admit though the thought really
started to excite me and months later I even fantasized about it. It all
happened on a Saturday night I was alone in our room. I put on the sexiest
clothes I owned and pretended to walk up and down that street. An imaginary car
stopped next to me and I leaned over "Looking for some fun?" I whispered.

"Show me what you got?" the imaginary man asked me.

I lifted up my shirt and wiggled my breasts for him, before I sat down next to
him in the imaginary car. "Let's go to the Stratton," I said, citing one of the
hotels in the list. I acted like I counted the money as we were driving and
then laid down and whispered "I'm yours for an hour. Do with me as you please."

In my thoughts he undressed me, squeezed my boobs and made me come on his
fingers before he pushed his love pole deep inside my pussy. As I was imagining
being laid I rubbed my clit and it didn't take long for me to orgasm. I bit my
pillow to smother my groan and when it subsided I started to giggle. It had
been the first time I had masturbated in that room and on a fantasy of being a
hooker nonetheless.

Days later I looked up the average price for a whore on that street and learned
they asked for 70 dollars on average. I was simply amazed by how cheap they
were and thought I would never do it for that amount of money. "If I would ever
do such a thing they better pay up," I thought, "I'm worth way more than 70
dollars for an hour." The moment I thought that I couldn't believe that I
actually had those thoughts, it was nothing like me to think that way. "You
have to stop this Laura," I said to myself, "This is not who you are."

Weeks later Marisha stayed over for the weekend, it was the first time she did
so. "I need to work more," she had said, "and the only way I can do that is to
start working during the weekends." She had started working in the same
restaurant I did and whenever we had shifts together we went in either of our
cars. It was nice to work with her and we grew even closer than we had already
done over the past few months.

We had worked for ten hours when we sat down on the floor in our room, in
between us a large pizza and a bottle of soda. We just chatted about anything
as neither of us wanted to sleep just yet. "What is the worst thing you ever
did?" Marisha asked me.

"The worst thing? Ever?" I repeated, "Let me think -- that would be -- in
seventh grade I wanted to get the latest book of Harry Potter, but my mom
wouldn't drive me. So I got on a bus and went downtown. But as you would expect
and 12 year old will get lost and I asked a police officer for directions. She
took my hand and asked me where my mother was and I told her the truth. She's
at home, I said. She asked for my name and my moms number. Wow, she was so mad
at me when she finally arrived to pick me up, I got grounded for three weeks.
My father however was proud of me too, he was angry, but more proud."

"Did you ever get that book?" Marisha asked.

"Oh yes," I chuckled, "for my birthday. The most funny part is I only had three
dollars left after buying that ticket for the bus, I had left with seven
dollars."

Marisha burst into laughter "Really? And you thought you could buy that book
for that?"

"What do you expect? I was twelve!" I laughed, "And you? What was the worst
thing you ever did?"

"Oh my God, you got some time? I did so many stupid things, but the worst? My,
that would be that time I stole a vibrator from the store. A friend of mine had
explained to me what it was for and I really wanted to try it."

"What?! Really? A vibrator? How old were you?"

"Fifteen, maybe sixteen."

"And they let you in?"

"Well, I slipped in. Still don't know how they didn't see me, but they didn't.
When I tried to walk out all the alarms went off. I didn't know they had that
kind of anti-theft protection. My mother was so mad at me, not just for
steeling but also for what I stole. I felt so embarrassed I didn't really care
for the grounding, I had to stay in my room for two months. I was only allowed
to come out for school and dinner. After two weeks she sat down with me and we
talked, really talked about sex. That was when I learned I could really talk to
her, about anything. The best thing was I wasn't grounded anymore, just as long
as I promised to always be open and honest with her and I did. I still do."

"Wow, I wish I could talk to my mother like that. When it was time for _the
talk_ it lasted for a whole two minutes. The basic when boy meets girl thing.
If my doctor hadn't brought it up I guess I would never have gotten on the
pill, not ever. We just didn't talk about it."

"Well," Marisha said, "If you ever feel the need I'm here for you. And as we
are on the subject, let's share our darkest fantasies. You know the one you
wouldn't tell anyone but the person you trust the most. I promise I won't tell
anyone, do you?"

I thought for a moment, looked at her and said "I promise. You start."

"Oh wow, my deepest darkest fantasy would be me in a room with just men, all of
us naked and they all take me one at a time. Once they all had their turn I get
on top of one of them and one after the other they take procession of my butt
hole. I love feeling two dicks inside me, I did it once and it was the best
feeling ever. Now you."

"Wow, how many men would that be?" I asked her to stall the moment I had to
reveal my secret to her.

"Ten or maybe more," she replied, "Now tell me yours."

I felt a shock through my system, suddenly I just couldn't find the words and
said "I am so sorry, this is just -- I can't --"

"But you promised," Marisha said, "I told you mine, just start talking and I
promise it will get easier."

I just stared at her and slowly started saying "Well, it was a few weeks ago.
I went to the mall in Willington again. Now I thought I could find the way back
and boy was I wrong. I took a wrong turn and ended up somewhere in the North of
town. When I saw a parking lot I parked to set my navigation." And I told her
everything. About the girls, about what I had read and then finally about I had
fantasized being one of them. "I never had an orgasm like that before, never
ever."

Marisha was silent for a moment, then said "Wow, I would never have thought it
would be something like that. Maybe a little spanking or doing it in public,
but this? No, never. Really? Hooking?" I blushed and felt ashamed, wishing I
had never told her. Marisha must have seen how I felt and quickly said "Oh, I
am not judging you, not at all. Please don't feel embarrassed, I was just
surprised to hear it, that's all. Please Laura, don't feel ashamed. Let me tell
you another of my fantasies to make up for it."

I looked up and Marisha said "A few years ago a came across this video on the
internet and ever since then I dream about it on occasion. The video was of
some woman having sex with -- her dog. They way she screamed and how hard she
came, it was all so -- attractive to me. The best part of it is you can't get
pregnant and still have him send all his sperm inside you. I've never done it,
but it just doesn't leave me ever since I saw that video."

"What?! Sex with a dog? Really? People do that?"

"Oh yes and not just dogs. Horses, pigs, sheep, all kinds of animals. Don't
believe me? Wait." She turned around, got her laptop and invited me to sit next
to her. She opened a browser and searched for _Bestiality videos_, she clicked
on one of the results and a site full of videos opened up. She clicked on one
of them and for the next nine minutes we watched a nice girl having sex with
her dog, the camera got real close to show that K9 penis deep inside her
vagina. I gasped when I saw it, but Marisha looked excited and when the video
finished she clicked on another one.

Watching the next one made me giggle and Marisha joined me, we kept watching
videos for the rest of the night and when I laid in my bed I could hear the
soft creaking of her bed, fully well knowing she was masturbating. Before I
realized I joined her and we both pleasured ourselves in the darkness listening
to the deep breathing of the other one.

