# Becoming
_an erotic tale by TransGirl_

## Disclaimer
This is a work of art. Any resemblance to any person living or dead is purely
coincidental.

## Chapter One
Seven years of marriage suddenly over. Like a bolt out of the blue he told me
he had fallen in love with someone else. I really thought our marriage had been
perfect, we even thought about growing our family. All of a sudden it was over,
all of a sudden he moved out of the house we had bought together. Suddenly he
never wanted to move to the suburbs, everything he ever told me felt like a
lie. Betrayal was all I felt. Even though our marriage stranded because of
something he had done, his attorney tried his best to pin everything on me.
Despite all their efforts the judge was not pursued and awarded me just over
half of everything we had owned.

Selling our house, our cars, our everything was just heartbreaking to me, it
just had to be done. The year it took for our divorce to materialize was also
the year it took me to come to terms with the end of our marriage. Being
separated just wasn't enough for me, all through that time I still _felt_
married. The day we sat in court to sign the documents was the day I gave my
ring back to him. "Here," I said, "I don't want it anymore. I hope she likes it
and I hope she finds out sooner than I did what a pathetic liar you really
are." Even though it was symbolic, it felt like closure to me.

When I walked out of that court room the sun seemed brighter, the colors more
vibrant and the smells stronger. It felt like I had finally turned the page to
start a new chapter of my life and with a new chapter came a new environment, a
new place to start living again. I never had liked the town we had lived in, I
just moved there with him when he got his job there. I sold almost everything I
had ever owned, the things I didn't want to sell I stored at my parents place.
They owned a large farm with lots of space for me to store whatever I wanted to
keep from this marriage.

"I need to go mamma," I said as she sat at the kitchen table crying, "I feel
like if I don't go now I won't ever go. I need to do this, mamma."

"But why so far away? I didn't like you moving last time and now you've come
home again all you want to do is move even farther away."

"I know mamma, but I need to do this. You know how much I always wanted to go
there and now I feel it's time to actually go."

"I understand sweetie, I totally understand. But why not find a nice place to
live here, get a job here and go there on vacation? Why do you want to live
there?"

"Mamma, if I do what you ask me to do I am afraid nothing will come of it. You
know I won't be able to just go there for a weekend, you know I don't have
enough days off to go for a longer period. Now I've got the money to buy a
small apartment there, build a live off my own. You know I've never been on my
own before, I went to college and got married right after. Not a single day
I've really lived on my own. I really want to do that, mamma. And I really want
to see if Port Verde is as I always dreamed it will be."

"I'm going to visit you as often as I can."

I chuckled "Yes mamma, I know and you're always welcome. You know that."

"Okay, go tell your dad I'm okay. He must be worried sick by now."

"I will mamma, thank you and I love you."

My father had already been convinced I was going, not that he liked it but we
had always been two peas in a pod and he knew I had set my mind on moving
there. "Has she finally capitulated?"

"Yes dad, she has. I understand how she feels though, but I just need to do
this."

"I know bunny, I know. I don't like it, but I know."

A week later they dropped me off at the airport. My mother was crying as I
waved to them one last time before I had to board the plane. A five hour flight
was all the separated me from my old and new life, a life as a single woman in
a new town. Although leaving my parents was hard, I was more excited to see
what my future might bring. The first week there was all planned out, but after
I had no idea what I was going to do. At least I had enough in the bank to sing
it out for a short period of time, so I didn't worry that much about it.

The plane landed on time and the smothering heat hit me hard as I left the cool
airport. I got into a taxi that brought me to the hotel I had booked a few days
prior. My room had a view over the _old city_ of Port Verde with its
characteristic colonial style buildings. Below me was the maze of small streets
meandering through the city. I could hear the music coming from the bar across
the street. Next to it was a restaurant serving _real authentic Cajun foods_
and it just smelled delicious. I took a deep breath as I took in all the
sounds and smells of this town I had always dreamed of.

After a short shower I got dressed, grabbed my purse and wandered through those
small streets of the oldest part of Port Verde. There were signs indicating
historic spots and I took the time to read some of them. "This is the house
where Thomas O'Leary was born. He became the first president of out nation when
he was only 32 years of age." or "This is the location of the infamous Anchor
Bar. Before it burned down in 1829 it was the spot for hardened seamen,
buccaneers and real pirates. The infamous _Red Beard_ was hung after he was
captured just outside the bar." There was just so much history in this town as
it was one of the first places the original settlers founded all those years
ago.

I strolled the streets, walked through the old harbor and just spent that first
week being a tourist. I wanted to see all the sights and experience the famous
Port Verdan hospitality. After soaking it all in for a week I sat down in my
hotel room to plan what I needed to do after. Finding a place to live was
priority number one and it was surprisingly easy to do. Just around the corner
of the hotel I found a real estate agency and they had the perfect apartment
for me for sale. To my utter luck the owners for some reason needed to sell it
as quickly as they could and I got it way under market value. The sale was
completed in record time and after just being there for two weeks I was the
proud owner of an apartment just outside of the old city center.

On the outside the building looked like it was build way back when, on the
inside however it was modern, offering everything I ever would need. From my
new neighbors I learned why the previous owners had to sell. Apparently the
apartment had been lived in by their mother who suddenly passed away. To my
relieve she had not died in the apartment, but in the hospital. The family
however couldn't afford to keep the apartment and had to sell after their
family business went bankrupt. Hearing that I did feel a little sorry for them,
but at least it had given me the opportunity to live in a really nice
apartment.

Next on my list was to buy a small car so I could buy the stuff I needed to
decorate my new home. At a local dealer that was recommended by my neighbor I
found the perfect car for me and it felt so good when I drove home in the first
car I had ever bought on my own, even though my new neighbor had helped me as
he knew a lot more about cars than I did. Tom and Hilary were good neighbors
and helped me getting settled in my new home. If it hadn't been for them I
would have had no idea on where to go.

In total it took me two weeks to really get settled and the first day I spent
in my totally furnished and completed home, just so I could at least enjoy
everything for a day. The next day the third item on my list had to start,
finding a job. That took longer than I expected but in the end I got a one
working in an office on the other side of town. It wasn't exactly what I wanted
to do, but at least I could pay my bills. On top of that I met some new people
and didn't just know my elderly neighbors.

One of the first weekends I lived in my new place there was a knock on my door.
To my utter surprise my mother stood there with a big suitcase next to her.
"Aren't you going to invite me in?" she asked and I just screamed so loud that
Tom just popped his head out to see if I was okay. "Oh Tom, this is my mother.
Mom, this is Tom. You know the guy who helped me buy my new car?"

"It's a pleasure to finally meet you, Mr Harris," my mother said. After that
introduction Hillary also came outside. Once that was all done my mother
inspected my new apartment. "It's nice," she finally said, "So, where am I
going to sleep?"

"Right here mamma," I replied, "Next to me." I pointed to my bed and smiled.

"Oh dear, I couldn't."

"Why not mamma? It will be like when I was little, sleeping next to you."

That weekend I showed her the old city center and we had a lovely time
together. When it was time to drop her off at the airport she said "Now I
understand why you wanted to come here. You look so happy here. I feel like you
finally found your home."

"Thanks mom, that means a lot. And I do feel that way. I can't explain it, but
the moment I set foot on this ground it felt like I was home. I am really happy
here mom, I truly am."

The first months I spent mostly by going to work and staying home. Besides the
people from work I didn't know anyone and because I saw them for eight hours or
more each day I didn't feel like I wanted to spend more with them outside of
work. One Saturday morning I went for a walk like I had done dozens of times
before. Just wandering the streets without a real goal to get somewhere. I
visited the market just outside the old harbor and bought a nice fish for
dinner that evening. Hillary had given me a very old recipe I was dying to
try. I sat down in a bistro to get a latte machiato and something small to eat.
The waitress that helped me had something about her that really struck me. Her
fiery red hair was bundled into a nice knot on the back of her head, her blue
eyes sparkled as she asked me what I wanted to have.

Days later I encountered her in the grocery store and we got to talking
somehow after she recognized me from before. "Ah, yes latte machiato and a
scone with creme fresh. I remember now." she smiled.

"Yes that was me," I chuckled, "Marisha right? I'm Laura. Fancy meeting you
here."

"Yes, I really thought you were a tourist. But you actually live here?"

"Just moved here a couple of months ago. After my divorce I felt like I had to
come here. I dreamed of this town ever since I was little."

"Really? Wow. I was born here, never felt the need to leave. So you dreamed of
Port Verde? How?"

"Oh, that's a long story."

"Well, we could get a coffee and you could tell me all about it."

After putting the groceries in our cars we met up at the coffee shop in the
same strip mall. We sat down outside and I told her the story how I was sitting
in the doctor's office waiting for my mom to be done. "I saw a travel catalog
on the table and just started reading. One of the first was a trip to Port
Verde. It had these wonderful photos of the ocean, the old harbor and the old
city. I just fell in love reading about everything Port Verde had to offer.
Afterwards I went to the library a couple of times just to look at other photos
from Port Verde. I was just nine years old when I told my mom I was going to
live here some day. But life got in the way, I went to college and got married.
Moving here was put on the back burner. So when after the divorce I just felt I
had to come here, just to see if it really is what I dreamed it would be."

"And?"

"And until know it hasn't disappointed me. I love it here so much."

"Yep, that's what I hear from a lot of people who move here. Once you do it's
so hard to leave, even if you wanted to. Hey, I've got an idea. Why don't I
show you around? I mean I know places only the locals know about. What do you
think? You up for it?"

"That would be lovely. I would appreciate that."

Over the next couple of weeks Marisha took me out to places I had never heard
of before like the _Invulnerable Vagrant_ or _The Leaky Tap_, two of the
hottest places in town. _The Vagrant_ was a night club, _The Tap_ a bar where
hardly any tourists came as it was so far off the beaten track. "Hey guys,"
Marisha shouted as we entered _The Tap_ for the first time, "This is Laura, she
just moved here." Most of the patrons cheered and welcomed me to their midst.
Me, not particularly liking to be the center of attention, waved shyly to them
all. "Oh, come," she chuckled when she saw how red my face was, "I want you to
meet someone." She pulled me through the rather busy crowd until we were near
someone sitting at the far end of the bar. "This is Liam, Liam this is Laura."

"Hi Liam," I said feeling a little embarrassed by it all.

"Oh, Marisha is showing tourists around again, is she?" Liam grunted.

"No, I am not. I've learned my lesson. No, Laura just moved here a few months
ago and to your standards she's a local now."

"Oh is she? So, Laura, how long have you lived here now?"

"About seven months."

"Seven months? She's a tourist. Go away."

"Don't mind him," Marisha smiled, "He's always grumpy. What is it this time?
Sam didn't give you any attention today?"

"Don't you dare pull him into this," Liam blasted, "That's not fair."

"Liam and Sam are a couple and Liam is always very grumpy when Sam doesn't give
him any. Aren't you Liam?"

"DON'T YOU FEAR! TABATHA IS HERE!" someone shouted from the other side of the
bar. When I looked over the most glamorous drag queen I had ever seen walked
into the bar. She wore a dress that glittered all over, a wig with hair so long
it reached all the way to her bum and she walked in scary high heels. Her
makeup was loud and her eyelashes long. "What will it be Tabatha?" the
bartender asked. "White wine, you dashing young man, white wine." was the
answer.

Tabatha made her way over and stopped near us. "Ah, Marisha. Who might this
doll be? Hi, I'm Tabatha, the better half of this grumpy old man."

"Hi, Laura. Pleased to meet you, Tabatha."

"Ooh, manners. I like that. Good evening Marisha dear, how's Matt these days?
Haven't seen him for ages. Where has he been?"

"Matt? Oh, he's on a business trip. He will be back the day after tomorrow."

"Good, good. And you my dear Laura. What brings an angel like you to a place
like this? Ah, thank you young man. I was getting a bit thirsty here."

"Me? Oh, I moved here a few months ago." I answered.

"Moved here? Why? Or is it not my place to ask?"

"It's okay. I always dreamed of living here and after my divorce I took the
chance of moving here."

"Divorce? Don't tell me an angel like you is all alone? No, we can't have that.
You _must_ come to one of my performances. I work at the _Evening Nip_, Marisha
here can show you, I insist you come one evening."

It was simply remarkable that such a flamboyant person like Sam, or Tabatha,
was a couple with the grumpy man sitting at the bar. But they seemed to
complete each other and maybe it was true what they said that opposites
attract. We sat down at a table and talked the night away. "Who does your
makeup?" I asked at a certain point."

"Who? Well, me of course. I love makeup, I don't leave the house without my
face on. Old grumpy here hates it at times, but whenever he sees me it all just
melts away. Doesn't it sweetie? It just takes time to look so glorious!"
Tabatha put her arms in the air when she said the last part.

When it was time for me to go home Tabatha grabbed my arm and said "You _have_
to come for dinner one day. I like you and would love to get to know you
better. Here's my card, call me." I nodded and Marisha took my arm to show me
where to go so I wouldn't get lost. "Thank you for a wonderful night," I said
when we reached my home, "I had fun tonight."

"Well, now that you've officially been introduced you're always welcome to come
to _the tap_. And don't mind Liam, he always has a hard time warming up to new
people. But once you do, you can't have a better friend than Liam. He's the one
person in the world I can call upon any time of day, he has been there for me
through the darkest period of my life. I am sure he will open up to you too one
day, just give him some time."

"I will. Again thank you."

It took me almost three weeks to go back to _the tap_. This time it was on a
Saturday night and I didn't want to be home alone anymore. It took me some time
but I managed to find my way over. The bar was filled with people but somehow
someone managed to see me come in. "Laura!" I heard someone shout, "Laura, over
here." I didn't recognize the man calling me right away, but as I made my way
over I suddenly did. "Sam, is it?" I smiled, "I didn't recognize you dressed
like this." Sam wore a dark purple suit combined with a bright yellow tie.

"This old rag?" he laughed, "These are my day clothes. So nice to see you
again. How are you today? Young man, another white wine please."

"I'm doing okay. Didn't feel like staying home today."

"So you thought 'let's go and see if Sam is in _the tap_'. Well, here I am!" he
had a huge smile on his face.

"Something like that. This is the only place I seem to know some people, so it
was a safe place for me to go."

"Aw, you almost hurt my feelings there," Sam chuckled "come, come, lets sit
down at a table over here. Tell me all about your week, I'm all ears."

Somehow he felt that I needed someone to talk to, just small talk nothing
serious. We sat down and just talked. He was so warm, open and inviting. He was
the type of person you just trusted from the moment you met that person. And
with him being gay I felt safe in a different way as well. "So, what you are
saying is that this Marsha bitch is out to get your job?"

"It feels like it. She's always criticizing me, nothing I do is good enough.
She knows that my position is just one promotion away from becoming management.
She doesn't care that about my college degree and the fact I'm doing something
way below my pay grade. All she sees is the power that comes with being a
manager. I'm almost sure she works her way up horizontally, if you know what I
mean."

"Oh girl, I do. I surely do. You should confront her with it, put her in her
place. It's your team, right? So be a leader, show her who's boss."

"Oh I couldn't. I hate being criticized in front of everybody, so I don't want
to do what she does to everybody else. But maybe you're right, maybe I should
confront her. But in private at first. I can always do it publicly later."

"That's my girl. You have to stand up for who you are. Stop caring about what
other people might think. If I did that would I ever come here as Tabatha? No.
But I don't care what people think of me and because I don't people accept me
for who I am. If they don't? That's their problem, not mine."

"You might be right. I'm just not build that way. Where I come from people care
about what other people might think. It's just the way it is."

"That is so restricting, isn't it? No offense, but it shows by the way you
dress. Show your assets girl. You have the body I wished I had, really I do.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not transgender in any way. I'm as gay as they come,
but if I had been a woman? You better believe I would show my curves to anyone
who wanted to see and to anyone who didn't. That being said however, whenever
I'm Tabatha I do feel like that's the way I should have looked. I feel like I'm
home, or something."

"Is that true? I can't imagine. So tell me when did you become Tabatha?"

"Oh girl that's a long story and one that needs a whole new round of wine. I
will be right back." We talked for hours and he made me chuckle, cry and burst
into laughter at times. Sam was such a wonderful companion to spend the night
with. "So that's when Liam convinced me to try it. I went backstage and this
lovely girl called Cynthia helped me get dressed, do my makeup and an hour
later I stepped on that stage. Ever since then I was hooked."

"Why the name Tabatha?"

"Oh, yes. Just before I got onto that stage the announcer asked my stage name
and Tabatha was the first name that popped into my head. At first I hated it,
wanted to change it, but somehow it always returned and now I love it. It's
quirky and it suits me."

"It sure does, but I do love Sam too." I smiled.

"So, it's a deal then. You will come to my performance on Thursday?"

"I will," I replied, "How can I not go now?"

"That's the spirit? Lets get another wine, shall we?"

"Oh no, I've had more than enough. If you weren't gay I would have thought you
were trying to get me drunk."

"Oh but I am. I would love to see you drunk. That way I get to see the real
you, the person without the restraints." he laughed.

"Maybe another time," I answered, "It's late and I really need to get home."

"Well, it has been a wonderful night, Laura. I am so happy you came."

"Me too, Sam. Me too." At the bar I asked for a taxi to bring me back home and
once back in the apartment I smiled thinking back at the night that lay behind
me. I felt like I had made a new friend in Sam. As I finally landed in my bed,
the world was spinning slightly. "I shouldn't have drunk all that wine," was
the last thought before I fell asleep.

The next morning I woke up to my phone ringing. I answered with a growly voice
and a very cheerful voice said "Good morning girl. Did I wake you?"

"What time is it, Sam?"

"Oh, just before ten. I wondered if you were up to get some coffee."

"How can it be that you're so cheerful after last night?"

"Cheerful? Well, it's a nice day. The sun is out and I wanted to get some
coffee with my new friend. Liam is working all day and I'm bored already."

I chuckled and said "Sure, but I need a shower and all. Meet you in an hour?
There's a nice little bistro just around the corner from where I live."

"Sure, there just one problem though?"

"What?"

"I have no clue where you live."

I burst into laughter and gave him my address. "Now I know where you live and I
think I know the place. See you there in an hour. Ooh, I am so excited."

An hour later, still with a slight headache I made my way over to the bistro
and to my utter surprise Sam was already sitting inside, waving when he saw me
enter. "Over here," he shouted and I sat down next to him. "So, how are you?"

"Besides the slight headache? I'm okay." We ordered two latte machiato and
something light to eat.

"So, there's another reason I wanted to meet up with you," Sam said after a
while, "I need a new dress for my act and Liam hates shopping, Marisha is off
doing something and then I thought maybe you would like to come with me. Would
you?"

"Sure," I replied, "I haven't gone shopping for a long time and I could use
something new myself, now you mention it. Yes, I think it would be fun."

"Oh girl, I know some nice boutiques and I really could use your input. This is
going to be so much fun."

We spent hours going from store to store and I had to admit I hadn't had that
much fun in a long time. In a small boutique Sam held up a beautiful dress and
I said it would look lovely on him. "Oh no," he said, "this isn't for me. It's
for you. Come on, try it on. I've tried on several dresses now and you haven't
tried even one. Just let go, Laura. Try it on."

"Oh no, that's so not me. I mean the low cut front? I couldn't possibly --"

"Who cares? It's not that you are going to wear it to work. It's for when we
go out, have some fun."

He took his time convincing me and when I got out of the changing boot to check
myself in the mirror I had to admit it did look nice on me. The salmon pink
beautifully matched the color of my skin. It just was so tight, showing off all
my curves. "Good heavens girl," Sam squealed, "Why on earth to you hide that
body of yours? You should be proud of them. Doesn't that dress look so nice on
her? What do you think?" he asked the girl working in the shop. She confirmed
what Sam said and added "Now I know you think I have to say that, but I don't.
My boss always tells me to be honest with our customers and you rock that
dress, miss. You really do."

"And tell me," Sam added, "When was the last time you treated yourself on
something nice, huh?"

"Oh that's been a while. Maybe before I got married?"

"That's what I'm saying. And now tell me how many times did he treat himself to
something nice?"

"A couple of times. He always had some excuse like _I really need this car for
when I'm visiting clients_ or _I really needed this new suit_."

"Seems to me like you were right ditching that scumbag. You really need to
start living a little, girl. Let it go. To hell what other people think. Now,
just one question, does this dress make you feel good about yourself?"

I stared at myself in the mirror, turned sideways and thought "It does. It does
make me feel good." and I almost was convinced to buy it until I saw the price
tag. "Oh no," I said, "I can't afford this. This is way to expensive for me. I
do love it though."

"Then I will buy it for you," Sam said with a determination in his voice, "Can
she keep it on? Oh wait, do you have a nice jacket to go with it?" Moments
later the girl came holding up a black bolero jacket. "What about this one?"
she asked and Sam almost fainted. "Yes," he said, "That's exactly it. Try it
on, Laura. I will get you dressed nicely."

I did as I was asked and it did look very nice together. "It's done then.
Please can she keep wearing it?" The girl smiled, returned with a pair of
scissors to remove the tags. I tried to protest but Sam wouldn't hear of it.
Before Sam left me to pay for everything he whispered "Now loose that bra
before we leave the store. Those lines just ruin it." I went back into the
changing booth and stood there for a few seconds contemplating whether I should
do as Sam had said. Ten minutes later I walked out of that store with my old
clothes in a bag, including the bra I had been wearing. I felt a little exposed
being in public wearing such a tight dress and without my bra, but the longer
we walked the more I noticed nobody seemed to care.

"Now lets get something to eat and then we will search for some shoes to go
with this dress," Sam smiled.

"Okay, but this is on me. You already paid for this dress and that's more than
I can possibly accept. I do feel like I'm taking advantage of you and I just
don't like doing that."

"Nonsense," Sam said, "Total BS. I love buying gifts for my friends. And yes I
do consider you a friend. Now where are we going to get something to eat?"

We spent some more time shopping and in the end I had four bags full of new
clothes to wear, clothes I would never have considered buying if I had gone
alone. "Now," he said, "I think Liam might be home by now and we're almost
there. Why don't I invite you to dinner tonight? Marisha is coming too."

"She is? Well, how can I resist?"

"You can't," Sam laughed, "You simply can't."

Their house was located in the middle of the old city center and it was just
beautifully decorated. "Liam? I'm home," Sam shouted as we entered, "Please
make yourself at home while I'm going to get the grumpy one." The interior was
just as beautiful as the outside and I sat down in one of the chairs with the
bags put to on side. Within minutes Sam came back and said "Don't you want to
sit outside? Come, let me show you the patio." I followed him through the
wonderful kitchen to the back of the house where they had quite the space
outside. "This is Liam's pride and joy," Sam said, "He loves gardening and this
was the main reason we bought this place." There were flowers and plants
everywhere, butterflies going from flower to flower. A small pond in the back
was the home of several fish and it was just an oasis of peace in the center of
a big city.

We sat down in the middle of their garden. "I love this spot," Sam said and it
was like a calm had come over him, "It always makes me calm and feel at peace
with myself."

"It's wonderful," I replied, "I can't even seem to keep one plant alive, let
alone all of this." I looked around at all those beautiful colors and the
smells, the smells were like I was in heaven.

"Ah, Laura was it? Welcome to our home," Liam walked up to us and he even had a
smile on his face. "Oh wow, did you really think I was grumpy all the time?" he
laughed, "And oh wow. Sam wasn't exaggerating when he said you looked lovely
today. You just look so beautiful. My complements."

"Thank you Liam. It means a lot to me. It was a gift from your spouse."

"Oh really? Well, I do hope you like our gift then and you are so welcome. Now,
what's for dinner, my love?"

"Wouldn't you like to know? Well, I would like to know too, but Marisha is
cooking tonight. She should be here any minute now. Matt has returned from his
trip and they are cooking tonight."

"Oh, are they? This should be good. Can I offer you a wine, Laura? I see that
lousy husband of mine has kept you dry all this time." Liam wandered off inside
and I just stared at Sam.

"Why is he so happy now?" I asked.

"Oh, he landed a new job yesterday. Liam is a photographer and he's going to
shoot for _Vogue_ next week."

"Vogue? Really? Oh wait -- he's _the_ Liam O'Brien?"

"Yes he is," Sam laughed, "Didn't put that together until just now, did you?"

"No -- I mean yes. I had no clue."

"Yes, we met at a shoot almost ten years ago. I was there to do the makeup for
the girls. At first I really thought he was straight, until Naomi told me
otherwise."

"Wait? Naomi?"

"Yes, yes, _the_ Naomi. She's a dear friend of ours. Well, Naomi was the one
that introduced us. She basically took my hand and pulled me over to where Liam
was checking his photos. 'Liam', she said, 'This is Sam and he's been checking
you out all day. Why don't the two of you get together and have some fun.'
Well, that's how we got to know each other. A year later we got married, I
haven't looked back ever since. He's the love of my life, he's my soulmate."

"Wow, that's such a nice story. I've never met anyone like that before. Not
even my ex. Sure I loved him until the day he told me he didn't love me
anymore. I was heartbroken. During the divorce however I discovered who he
really was. Love makes blind they say. Well I am living prove of that."

"Oh girl, the moment you meet _the one_, you will know. Trust me on that one."

Liam came back with our drinks and joined our conversation. Moments later
Marisha appeared too. "Oh here you all are," she smiled, "Oh hey Laura, didn't
know you would be here too. Wow, I love that dress you're wearing. Where did
you get it?"

"Oh it was a gift from Sam and Liam. Do you like it?"

"Wow, just so beautiful girl. It's so nice to finally see that body of yours.
Stop hiding it with those bags of clothes. You should be so proud of it. Matt?
Matt, come here for a second." A tall handsome man came walking up to us and
Marisha said "This is Laura, that girl I told you about. Laura, this is Matt my
husband."

"So nice to meet you Matt," I smiled.

"Same here. Marisha couldn't stop talking about you. Oh Liam, I hope you don't
mind but I brought a friend of mine. He's here for a week or two, he just broke
up with his girlfriend and he really needed some time away. I sure hope you
don't mind."

"Not at all," Liam smiled, "Where is he then?"

A very tall, strong young man came walking towards us and the moment I saw him
my heart skipped a beat. I was totally blown away by his appearance. Sam
chuckled and bumped my arm with his elbow. "Handsome isn't he?" he whispered
and I just slapped his arm away. "Everybody this is Travis. He's an old college
buddy of mine. Travis this is everybody."

"Hi," he said with a nice soothing baritone voice, "I'm Travis. Nice to meet
you all."

"So Travis," Sam smiled and winked at me, "I hear you just broke up with
someone. Tell me all about her." He took Travis' arm and pulled him back inside
the house. Marisha came up to me and whispered "You look like you've seen a
ghost. Do you know Travis?"

"No," I replied, "I've never met him before."

"Oh," Marisha smiled, "I see what's going on here. You like him, don't you?"

I felt myself blush and said "Aw, no. I don't even know him."

"Oh yes you do. Why would you blush otherwise? Well, let me tell you all about
him then. He was a football player in college, but during a game he got
injured. Badly injured. That's when he had to reevaluate what he wanted to do
in life. So one day he heard about this game people were playing, a game called
_Dungeons and Dragons_. That's how he met Matt. He just came to watch one game
and got hooked. Now, before Matt moved her to live with me they played every
week, but life got in the way and they lost contact. Last week, out of the
blue, Travis called us and asked if he could come for a visit. I really think
he likes it here, he's really thinking about moving here too."

"Is he, really?"

"Yes, he is. Maybe you could convince him to actually do so. I saw the way he
looked at you and I saw the way you looked at him too. There's something going
on between the two of you and you two are the only ones that don't see it."

"No there isn't. I just met him a few minutes ago."

"So? Who cares? If you like him and he likes you, why not go for it? The worst
thing that could happen is that you had a night of fun. Don't make it more
difficult than it already is."

"Oh, I couldn't, could I?"

"Why not?"

We had a lovely dinner, the six of us and after I got to spend some time with
Travis sitting outside in the garden. He was so gentle, nice and friendly.
Suddenly I remembered what Sam had said about knowing it when you met _the one_
and everything in my body told me Travis had everything I had been looking for
in a friend. We just sat there and talked. "Do you think they are letting us
sit here alone on purpose?" he asked at some point.

"No, I don't think so. I know they are doing it."

"Well, I'm glad they are. It's been a while since I had someone like you to
talk to. This feels -- right somehow."

"It does," I answered, "So I hear you are thinking about moving here too?"

"Yes, yes I am. I've got nothing left back there. She cheated on me and somehow
I am the bad guy. I mainly work from home and I can do that anywhere."

"Oh, what do you do for a living?"

"I'm an architect. I design buildings. I used to work for a bureau, but went
solo a few years ago. That's when my ex started cheating on me, I didn't earn
enough money anymore. Then she left me for some CEO of a fortune 500 company. I
should have known she was only with me for the money. I've been such a fool."

"Well, that makes two of us. My ex showed his real self when we got divorced. I
still wonder how I could ever have fallen for that guy."

"All I want from a relationship is absolute honesty. No secrets. Is that too
much to ask for?"

"I don't think so. I've never met someone who was honest with me before, except
for my parents that is. It's like everyone is keeping secrets and I don't mind
that in a friendship, but when you are with someone, willing to share the rest
of your life with that person I think honesty should be number one."

"I feel the same way." We just stared at each other after that, my heart
started beating faster and before I realized we kissed. A loud cheer arose from
the living room and Sam came running towards us shouting "I knew it. I knew
it." I felt myself blush and even Travis felt a little embarrassed. Marisha
joined us soon after and asked "So Travis, does this mean you are moving here?"

Travis chuckled and said "It might be the last push I needed. Yes, I think I
might move here too."

## Chapter Two
Living in Port Verde for a year had certainly been everything I expected it to
be, but for the job I had. At first it seemed interesting, but soon enough it
was just more of the same. Promotions offered were never given, men less
qualified got most of them. On Tuesday morning my manager passed the cubical I
had called my office and without even stopping he asked me to come to his
office. I had no idea what it could be about"
