# My Dirty Little Secret
_a series of erotic tales by Transgirl_

## Breaking Norms

### Chapter One
Being born late was a blessing and a curse at the same time. It was a blessing
because I was always the little baby, the one the others had to take care of.
It was a curse because of the same reasons. My mother was almost 46 when I was
born. Although it had been a risky pregnancy I was born without any major
complications. The youngest of three siblings, my sister Teresa was 18 when I
came into this world. Then there was Maja at the age of 21 and Peter who was 24
at the time.

My parents were very loving and I had a good childhood, but when I turned
thirteen it was clear my parents didn't really understand me anymore. By that
time my mother was 59 and the world had changed to much for her to keep up. It
took her a long time to allow me to have a cell phone for instance. "What's
wrong with the old ones?" she always asked. And although my siblings loved me,
the age difference between me and them also meant I really couldn't connect
with them, not the way they connected with each other.

Another thing that was frustrating to me was that I was an aunt to a nephew two
years older than me, but at least we understood each other. What also
frustrated me a lot was whenever we went somewhere they didn't know us somebody
would always ask "And this is your grandmother?" pointing at my mother. I was
sick and tired of trying to explain and just started saying yes to questions
like that, much to the frustration of my parents.

But with all of that said it was a blessing too. They all loved me so much and
I had a wonderful childhood, couldn't ask for anything better. There was
always somebody to look after me and as all my siblings still lived in the same
town I could always go somewhere. Growing up in a small town also meant I could
always go swimming in the pond or go fishing with my friends. Compared to other
places Whitney was a safe place for children to grow up in.

When I had to decide where to go to college I had decided I wanted to go to
Milton College in Fort Dix, one of the oldest and most prestigious schools in
the country. At first my parents didn't want to hear of it, but I persisted
until they at least let my send in my application. When I was invited for an
interview they couldn't have been more proud and slowly they started to support
me. It would mean a lot to all the people of Whitney if one of their own had
made it into Milton, which put a lot of pressure on me but it wasn't something
I couldn't handle.

The interview went great and I was asked to write a 2,000 word essay why I
thought I would be a great candidate to attend Milton College. With the
assistance of my English teacher I sent it in after four weeks of hard work and
a week before the deadline. I just thought it couldn't be any better that it
was at that moment. Six antagonizing weeks went by before we heard anything
from Milton. All of a sudden in the middle of the kitchen table, resting
against a vase with flowers there it was: a letter from Milton.

I dropped my backpack on the floor and looked at my parents who were sitting at
the table waiting for me. I didn't dare to pick it up, because that would mean
the letter was real. I stared at the envelope and the letters Milton seemed to
almost glow. I didn't say a word before I picked it up with my hands shaking.
My heart was racing and I handed it to my mother saying "I can't, I just can't"

She handed it back to me and said "This is not addressed to me, it's addressed
to you. So you **have** to open it. Please open it, we're dying to know. It's
been there for half a day now."

I carefully opened the envelope with the letter opener my mother handed to me
as I didn't want to damage the letter inside. I shook like a leaf as I slowly
pulled the letter from it's housing. The letterhead was just as beautiful as
the envelope itself. I skipped the first paragraph until I saw what I needed to
see. "...therefore it's our honor to inform you that you have been accepted
into..." I read the same sentence over and over again, did it really say that?
I couldn't believe my eyes.

"What does it say?" my mother asked, "Come one sweetie, what does it say?"

I looked up with tears in my eyes and said softly "I'm going to Milton." and
looked back at the letter.

"What?" my mother responded, "What does it say?"

I looked back at my mother and said a little louder "I'm going to Milton, mom.
I've been accepted." It was like the penny finally dropped and I shouted as
loud as I could "I'M GOING TO MILTON!"

Both my parents jumped up and my mother said "No, it can't be." she took the
letter from me and she read the same sentence I had. "Oh my God, it's really
true. You are going to Milton. My daughter is going to Milton." We jumped and
danced, I was so happy. Then after a few minutes I ran outside and ran around
the neighborhood with my arms in the air shouting "I'M GOING TO MILTON!"
Everybody who heard me cheered and congratulated me.

I ran to Teresa's house and just burst in the kitchen. Teresa was totally
shaken up by the sudden opening of the backdoor. I ran inside and hugged her
shouting "I'M GOING TO MILTON, TERESA, I'M REALLY GOING!" She jumped with me
and together we went to the other two to tell them too. The four of us got into
Peter's car and I stood in the back of his truck and I just kept shouting "I'M
GOING TO MILTON" as loud as I could to anyone who could hear me.

The next day reality sank in and I realized this also meant I had to graduate
with a good average. So I studied hard each day, the only day I didn't study
was on prom day. That day my mother took me shopping for a dress and Teresa did
my hair and makeup. At seven sharp my date picked me up and I had a wonderful
time. We danced, talked and it was just perfect. At 11:30 on the dot he dropped
me off at home and I gave him a kiss on his cheek before I ran into the house.

All that hard work payed off and I graduated with flying colors. Not good
enough to be valedictorian, I missed it by just one point, but it was good
enough for Milton. During the ceremony it was even mentioned by the principle.
"Ladies and Gentlemen it's now my honor to present the diploma to one of our
best students. She's the one who made it into Milton College and it is hour
honor to have laid the foundation for that achievement. Ladies and Gentlemen
our next graduate is Laura Bailey." The audience applauded and cheered which
made me blush a little and I made a gentle curtsy when the principle handed my
my diploma. I turned to the audience and as expected I moved the tassel from
the left side to the right to indicate I was no longer a student of this high
school, I was a graduate.

At the end the principle held a short speech and when he said "Ladies and
Gentlemen I present to you the class of 2002!" We all threw our mortarboards in
the air and cheered. When I finally found mine again I walked back to my family
proudly showing them my diploma. We celebrated the rest of the day and it was
one of the best days of my life until then.

Another blessing of having parents their age was they both had very good jobs
and could pay for my college education. Now we were by no means wealthy but my
father had made some good investments over the years and money wasn't a
problem. But it didn't mean I would have it easy, my father was a profound
supporter of the _do it on your own power_ theory. At least that's what he 
called it. It basically came down to this, working hard for something would
mean more than when that same thing is given to you. "Only things with
sentimental value are the exception," he always said pointing at the old beaten
up wedding band around his finger. "But I worked hard to afford them too," he
said, "so it basically still fits."

During the summer break I worked at my fathers office, he had worked his way up
to CFO over the time he had worked there. But that didn't mean either one of us
demanded special treatment for me. I loved going to work with my father, I
always had since I was a little kid. Maybe that's why I chose _Business
Management_ as my major at Milton. "If it doesn't work out," I had said to my
sister Maja, "I can always become your accountant or something." Maja had taken
over the flower shop in the center of town, the same shop where she started
working when she was sixteen. It still had the name of the previous owners.

After a few weeks of preparing the day of departure had arrived, my mother and
I drove in my car and were followed by my father and Maja in my parents car.
Maja had closed the shop for two weeks. "I'm going on a holiday," she had told
her patrons, "I'm bringing my sister to Milton College and we're going on a
road trip." She could easily afford closing for two weeks as she did that every
year to go some place deep inside the mountains. "It's nice to rest and charge
up," she always said.

Driving to Milton took almost five days with one day of rest. But finally we
reached the outskirts of Fort Dix, one of the largest cities in the country. My
sister was driving and my parents followed us. I just looked outside the
passenger window, staring at all the high-rises full of people. It took us
another hour and a half to even reach the exit of the freeway splitting the
city in half. We now entered the oldest parts of the city and the buildings
were simply beautiful.

We stayed at a hotel for the night and I was getting really nervous. Just one
more day and I would enter the school of my dreams and it just didn't seem real
we were actually there. Maja and I shared a room next to my parents and we took
our time to freshen up before dinner. The hotel was just beautiful and I looked
my eyes out at every single detail. Sitting at the table I asked one of the
waiters to take a picture of us right after he had served our food, he was more
than happy to oblige.

I posted the picture to Instagram so my other siblings could see it and within
minutes Teresa had posted "Sure, rub it in! Some of us have to work." which
made me giggle a little. She then posted a picture of herself with our nephew
eating a burger. Underneath she had written "Go aunt Laura! We're so proud of
you!"

The next day we took it slow and visited the sights like any other tourist
would do. It was a nice way to introduce myself to the city I would call home
for at least the next four years. Later that afternoon we went to the beach as
that was something Maja really wanted to do. We strolled the boulevard and the
pier as we marveled at the expanse of water as far as they eye could see. We
had dinner at a lovely small restaurant on the boulevard and when it got dark
we went back to the hotel.

The next day I woke up very early as it was time for me to go to the college of
my dreams. I had barely slept all night and had become really nervous all of a
sudden. After another four excruciating hours it was time to go and I asked
Maja if she wanted to drive as I was just too nervous to do so. After just a
short drive we arrived at the parking lot and I gasped when I saw the first
glimpse of campus. It was a beautiful mixture of old and new buildings,
tastefully mixed to create a welcoming space of learning.

Not long after we walked towards the famous gate that gave access to the campus
hidden behind the walls surrounding it. For the first time I saw the words
MILTON COLLEGE above it with my own two eyes. It felt like a right of passage
when I stepped over the imaginary line underneath it. I was really there and I
just couldn't stop looking at all the buildings and even gasped when I saw the
renowned old oak tree in the middle of the central square.

My mother ruffled through some papers and said "Dormitory C, room 426. Now
where are the dormitories?" We followed the signs pointing towards the
dormitories and as we passed through a gate underneath the Main Hall we arrived
where the dorms were. They were all build in the same stile as the modern
buildings giving all of campus a coherent look. It didn't take long to find the
right building and after being checked by the security guard we stepped into
the elevator. I was about to meet my roommate for the first time in real life
after having talked for about ten minutes a few weeks prior.

I knocked on the open door to announce my arrival and a girl with long red hair
popped her face around the door. "Laura?" was all she said and I nodded yes.
She then stepped forward and said "Hi, finally. I'm Marisha, so nice to finally
meet you for real. Hello everybody, nice to meet you too."

After we both agreed who would take which half of the room, I placed my luggage
on the bed, sat down and looked around the room for a bit. I just couldn't
believe I was actually there. My family stayed for another hour or so before
they had to leave. Saying goodbye to them was harder than I thought and when I
finally returned to my room the reality of it all sank in and I really wanted
them to come and pick me up again.

But Marisha stopped everything I was thinking and said "Come, let's go explore
campus. I've been dying for a pizza, but I wanted to wait until you were here.
Come on, let's go." Hesitantly I got up and followed her. We strolled around
campus until we found the on campus pizza place, ordered one we both liked and
sat down on the grass underneath the old oak tree. "Can you believe we are
actually sitting here?" she said, "It all seems so unreal still." As we ate our
pizza we chatted about anything and I noticed that I liked her. She was totally
the opposite of me. Where I was reserved when meeting new people, she was open
and outgoing.

The next day consisted of mostly administrative duties like registering,
sitting for a photo for the student ID and getting all the information needed
for classes including the list of books we needed to purchase. One of the older
students told us about a book store just outside of campus where you could get
most of them second hand. That afternoon Marisha and I went there and were able
to get most of the books there for rather cheap prices. I made sure they were
the right ones before I purchased them.

With our arms full of books we walked back to campus to put them into our
assigned lockers. That afternoon there were some other activities which was a
nice way to learn your way around campus. The next morning the official
opening was held and we were seated in the front as we were part of the
freshmen. The principle held a rather boring speech which was followed by a
roar coming from the senior students. After the dean was finished more students
joined in on the roar and after the last professor had spoken almost all the
students roared.

At then end of it a boy wearing the jacket of the school football team walked
on stage and all the students roared again. He held a fiery speech how this
year they would win the championship and when he was done the roar became clear
to me as the whole room roared and shouted "GO MILTON WILDCATS! HEAR US ROAR!"

The next two days were filled with introduction classes and the professors told
us what to expect and what they expected of us. And I really started to feel
like a college student at that time. During the following weekend I started
looking for a job and got one at the grocery store nearby. It wasn't much but
at least it was a start, I thought. And the best part of it was there were more
Miltonians working there so switching shifts wouldn't be much of a problem.

The first few weeks were more about adjusting to this new way of living and
learning to find a good balance between studying, working and having some time
off to do something fun. Mostly I worked a couple of hours during the week and
every other Saturday, which earned me just enough to get by if I was really
frugal with what I did. Luckily enough dinners were included in the college
fees so we at least had something to eat every day.

During those first few weeks Marisha and I really got to know each other and we
were starting to become more than just roommates, ever so carefully I
considered her a friend and as far as I knew she felt the same about me. It was
nice to talk to someone my own age, someone who understood where I was coming
from.

When I first told her about the age difference between me and my siblings she
was astonished. "Wow," she said, "Yeah, I had the same thoughts, but I didn't
want to bring it up. Wow, that's quite the story. So you have a nephew that's
two years older than you? Does he still have to call you aunt?"

"Only when he wants to tease me," I replied, "I just want to be called Laura by
him. But he always has to use that word."

Marisha chuckled and said "I think I like him."

"I thought you might," I took out my phone and showed her some pictures of the
two of us, "That's him. That's Jason, my brother's son. He's twenty now, can
you believe that. It's so strange that we grew up together and I'm officially
still is aunt. But I love that douche so much, he's the best. And this is
Teresa, my sister. She just told us she's expecting and I'm going to be a real
aunt now, to a baby. I can't wait to meet it."

"Don't you know what it is yet?"

"No, and I don't want to. I want it to be a surprise, but I'm hoping it's a
girl."

I went through most of the pictures and showed her all my family. When I was
done she just said "That's a whole lot of family. I wish I had such a big
family, I'm an only child and my mother was one too. I hardly know my family at
all, they all live so far away. My uncle works in Japan for instance."

"Wow, there were days I would be jealous of you. Having so many family and all
living nearby can feel rather restricting at times. I never could act out for
instance as there would always be someone who saw."

"Ah, but you're in college now," Marisha said with a sparkle in her eyes, "This
is the perfect time to act out. We can party all we want, come back home late
and just have fun. Maybe even with a boy or two."

I blushed and said "I've never been that way. I always was careful."

"What? Never had a one-night-stand? Ever?"

"No," I replied, "I just couldn't get myself to do it. One time I tried and I
panicked and ran away. I was just so scared people would find out, you know."

"Well, there's little chance of that happening here," Marisha replied.

"But what if someone does find out? What will people thing of me?"

"Who cares? People will talk about you behind your back no matter what you do.
So you could just have some fun and give them something to talk about. Look, I
care about what the people close to me think, but why should I care about what
people I don't know think? They don't know me and I don't know them. So who
cares?"

I thought about what she said for a moment and it did make sense. Why did I
care about what someone who I didn't even know would think of me? Marisha was
right in that aspect, I shouldn't be worried about what others might think.
Because that's who there wore _others_, not family or friends, others. Why did
I care so much about their norms, their feelings? Doing that had held me back
on many a occasion. I didn't buy that dress that I wanted for example because I
thought others might think it was too sexy. Instead I bought one that others
would accept, one that I really didn't like all that much.

That evening was the start of the biggest change in me, I slowly started to
change my outfit and the way I looked. I finally bleached my hair like I always
wanted and with Marisha I went to a nail salon to get the nails I always liked.
Slowly I started to dress more girly, more sexy and it felt so good. Not that I
went over the top or anything, it was more like the shirts I wore got a little
tighter and so did the dresses. As the weather was always nice I wore skirts
more often and Marisha introduced me to the wonderful world of fashion.

During that metamorphosis I also wore makeup more often and loved the way it
made me feel. And Marisha was an excellent teacher and showed me how to do
everything myself. With the little money I had I bought brushes, eye liner,
foundation and everything else a girl needed to make herself pretty.

The first time I noticed boys were looking at me I felt so good that I just had
to smile. For the first time in my life they were looking at me and not the
person I happened to walk next to. The more I did so the more confident I got
and I liked to feel that way. On top of that I had finally settled in to a good
rhythm of going to school, studying and work, while still having time for some
fun too.

It was a Saturday night and after a long day at work I dropped onto my bed. A
few minutes later Marisha came in all excited. "There's a party tonight. Want
to go?" she almost shouted. I told her I was too tired but she persisted and
not long after I was excited too. It was around nine in the evening when we
walked across campus to the fraternity house where the party was. I wore a
tight tank top and a mini-skirt. We walked inside got something to drink and
just looked around. It didn't take Marisha long to jump onto the dance floor
and she gestured for me to join. I resisted but the she took my hand and pulled
me in.

It didn't take me long to enjoy dancing with her. We had a lot of fun when all
of a sudden I saw her dancing with this guy. His left leg was in between hers
and I just stepped to the side and watched her dance with him. His hands were
on her back and her mouth close to his, but not touching. I was amazed by how
sexy it looked and kept watching until someone started talking with me. When he
walked away I couldn't see Marisha anymore and went looking for her. It didn't
take long to find her in one of the rooms with two boys, she was on her knees
holding on penis in one hand and the other was in her mouth. I gasped when I
saw them, but she just smiled and invited me in.

I sat down on the bed and watched her give them a blow job and I felt myself
getting excited. I didn't want to watch, but I couldn't stop either. Then she
crawled on top of on of them, held his penis up high and slowly sat down on it.
She lifted up her skirt and I could clearly see how that penis slid in and out
of her. Without really thinking I looked at the one who was just holding his
own penis and I knelt down in front of him. Ever so careful I licked his penis
and started to suck him until he was totally hard again.

I pushed him on the bed next to Marisha and crawled on top of him and I moaned
as I felt him entering my full wet pussy. Marisha smiled when she saw me and
took my hand as we both were bouncing up and down. Within a few minutes I had
my first orgasm, closely followed my Marisha. We kept riding them until the
boys were about to explode. We knelt down and they both came all over our
faces. We both started giggling and rushed to find a bathroom. Once inside we
started laughing and I said "I've never done anything like this before, ever.
This was so much fun."

"Wasn't it? Come let me help you." and she cleaned my face. We took some time
to restore our makeup and went back downstairs to party some more. A few hours
later we walked back to our room and I still couldn't believe what I had just
done. I had broke the norms that were held so high by my family and I felt so
good about it.

### Chapter Two
The first semester flew by and I passed with good grades. It was time to head
back home for Christmas and my parents had bought me a airline ticket. I had
toned down my looks a lot but still wore some makeup. I had left a girl and
came home a woman it felt like. I could simply feel that I had matured so much
the past half a year.

When my father picked me up at the airport he was so happy to see me again.
"Wow," he said, "You look like a real lady. Nice." About an hour later my
mother was surprised to see me too. "Wow, are you wearing makeup? Wow, you
never liked wearing makeup. It looks beautiful."

It was a few days before Christmas giving me ample of time to get some shopping
done. We had a tradition of buying each other cheap presents as otherwise it
would become way to expensive. The only exception were the children who still
believed in Santa. It was so nice to go shopping with my sister and her newborn
baby daughter. I felt like a real aunt this time and was so proud of Teresa.

Christmas day the house of my parents filled with friends and family for the
traditional Bailey family dinner. My father carved the turkey and we all had a
lovely time together. It felt nice being home again and not feeling like the
little baby. Everybody had started to see me as a peer, as an adult woman who
was making something of herself. I told everybody about Milton and anything
else they wanted to know. "Do you have a boyfriend, aunt Laura?" my cheeky
nephew asked.

"Now you've called me that, I won't tell you," I replied with a wink, "For all
the others: No, I don't have a boyfriend. I'm too busy studying." After dinner
we unpacked the presents underneath the tree and I laughed at some of the
stupid things someone had bought for me. It was just a good time we had
together and it felt nice to be back home.

Tow days later I had to go back because I had to work during new years as this
was the busiest time of the year. When my parents dropped me off at the airport
it felt heartbreaking and I almost cried my way into the plane. There was just
nothing I could change about it as it already had been a miracle for me to be
able to see them during Christmas at all. During the flight I fell asleep and
before I knew it one of the flight attendants woke me up because we were about
to land. I smiled awkwardly and fastened my seat belt. Half an hour later we
landed safely in Fort Dix.

It would be another week before Marisha and the other students would return to
school as I would be working nearly every day until then. Not that I was
complaining, I could surely use the money, it was just so boring working
there. I was offered a position as team leader, I had turned it down because it
would mean I had loads more to do and more responsibility without the financial
compensation. Plus there were people who had worked there far longer than I had
and I thought it fair that they would be considered first.

On my way back to the dorms I took home some take-out and sat down at my desk
to eat it. Everything was so quiet at the dorms. I had seen but a few fellow
students as I walked onto campus. There wasn't even a guard posted at the
entrance to the dorms, just two at the main gate and a couple that were
patrolling the grounds, who I greeted friendly as I walked towards my room.

Work was grueling every single day. There were so many customers and we were on
a skeleton crew too. Not that customers understood, they just kept complaining
and I did try my very best to keep that smile on my face. I made a vow to never
do that whenever I stopped working there now that I had seen the other side.
After the six hour shifts I was so tired from running all day to try and keep
up with demand. We didn't even have enough time for our breaks, it was just to
busy. After the third day I was sure I wanted to find something else when all
of this was over, I never wanted to experience this again in my life. I just
wasn't the type to abandon my co-workers like this and make their life even
worse.

The fourth day was new-years but I still had to work the early shift, but it
was also the last day of work for me. New Years Day I was off and I was more
than happy with it as it was just two days before school started again and I
really could use the rest. On top of that Marisha would come and celebrate New
Years with me and a couple of other students that were coming back early.

That day was maybe the worst of all the week. People came rushing in to do some
very late shopping and got angry when whatever they wanted was out of stock. We
had made sure we had more than we needed on a normal day, way more, and still
it wasn't enough. There was this one person who just kept yelling curse words
at a co-worker until I had enough of him. I stepped in between them and gave
him a piece of my mind. "And if that isn't enough to stop you from cursing at
my colleague I can trespass you and call the police. What about spending
new-years in a holding cell? Would you prefer that over spending time with your
family? I can surely arrange that for you. It wouldn't be a problem. SIR."

My colleague and I chuckled when we saw him walk away in shame and some of the
customers applauded. Moments later I was called into the office. My manager had
to give me an official warning even though he had agreed with my action. "I
don't have a choice in this. I'm sorry."

"I don't care," I replied, "It was nice to release all that built up frustration
over the past few days. I just couldn't stand it any longer. You saw how he
berated that poor Sally. I knew she wouldn't hold up much longer and run away
crying. I just had to step in and show we her had her back."

"I understand," he replied, "But officially I can't condone it."

"Must be nice that you can't condone it _officially_," I replied with a
chuckle. He chuckled too and said "Okay, back to work." As I left the office I
could still hear him chuckle and when I looked at him through the glass he was
shaking his head with a big smile on his face.

After work I went straight home to get some sleep before Marisha would arrive
and I was startled when I heard her walk in. I had forgotten to set the alarm
and I apologized profoundly when I was fully awake. We talked for a while and I
was so happy she was back again. It had been so quiet and lonely the past few
days. We got a quick bite to eat at a fast-food place and prepared to party all
night long.

Someone had gotten permission to use one of the rooms in the main building to
host the party and when we arrived I was amazed by how festive everything was.
Spending New Years with them was so nice and we had a lot of fun. Just after
midnight I took the time to call my family and wish them a happy new year. They
were at the yearly fireworks show and Maja send me some photos of them there. I
replied with a group photo of us all together wearing tiaras with the new year
on top in golden letters.

The next day we woke up late and we just had a lazy day doing nothing. We sat
down in one of the common areas of the dorms and chatted. I told her all about
my week and how frustrating it had been. "I really want to look for something
else," I said, "But it's so hard to find something that's nice and still make
more cash."

"Yeah," she said, "I was lucky, I guess. I found something I really liked and I
make a lot of money doing it."

"But you work for tips," I replied, "That's not a guarantee."

"No, but if I do it right then I _can_ go home with a lot. And the best thing
is, tips are tax-exempt. If you don't work for an hourly wage, you don't pay
taxes. Thanks mom!"

"Still, not having a sure income," I replied, "I don't know whether I could
cope with that."

"But if you look at the average per week, I make more than you do," she
replied.

"Yes, but being a waitress? It's like working at that store. People are always
complaining," I replied.

Marisha chuckled "Not if you do it right."

I was a little confused by her somewhat mysterious look. She had told me she
worked at a restaurant as a waitress, what was so mysterious about that. She
had even shown me the website. I just shook it off as me seeing things and we
went on with our day.

That afternoon we were so bored we went to the beach to catch some sun and to
have something to do. All in all it was a fun day together and we bonded even
more that we had already done. We had talked about some more personal things
like when we had lost our virginity, who our first boyfriend was and things
like that. When I got message from Teresa with a photo of her being sad as it
was raining outside, I replied with a photo of us on the beach. Her response
was "Sure! Leave it to my sister to be on a beach! HAPPY NEW YEAR!"

We sat down in a restaurant on the boulevard to have some dinner and watched
the sun set over the ocean. It was all just so beautiful. As we sat there
Marisha said "I can show you where I work if you want to. Maybe you'll like it
too and you could think about changing jobs." I looked at her but she was just
staring at the ocean and all the different colors in the sky.

"When would that be?" I asked her.

"We could go tonight," she replied still looking forward, "I'm sure they're
open. They are open every single day until 3 in the morning. So why not today?"

"Sure," I replied, "I would love to see where you work. But is it a problem for
me to get in, I mean I'm not 21 yet."

"Ah," she said, "We'll just say your with me. It will be okay."

When we got home Marisha took a shower and prepared like she always did before
work. She work a tight red dress with a zipper in front, nice stockings and a
pair of high heel pumps. We walked to her car and got in. As always when I was
bout to meet new people I got a little nervous and anxious. It took us over
half an hour to get there and all I saw was a strip mall where almost all the
shops were closed. What I didn't see was a bar.

We got out of the car and I got more anxious by the minute. Where were we
going? A few doors down was an adult store called _The 53rd Base_ and to my
utter surprise she walked in there. I instantly felt uncomfortable but Marisha
just kept on walking as I did my best not to look at all the merchandise.

Marisha walked to the back of the store where there was a big sign above a
door saying "CINEMA". Marisha just opened it and I followed her into a small
hallway. If you walked straight ahead you would enter the cinema itself and I
saw the movie that was playing making me blush instantly. Marisha however
opened a door to the left of it and we stepped into a small room.

"Welcome to my office," she said with a smirk on her face.

"This is where you work? I thought you were a waitress."

"I never said that. I only said I worked for tips and I do. You inferred the
rest." As she was facing me she unzipped her dress, revealing the lingerie
underneath. She hung her dress on a hook, checked some things. Through a window
I could see the room behind it and there were quite some men watching the
movie. As I watched them I felt uncomfortable and Marisha said "Don't worry,
they can't see you and the door is locked."

Marisha walked along the walls and opened all kinds of trap doors in the wall
revealing the holes in the wall they were covering. When she was done she
pressed a button located next to the window and a light on top turned green. It
didn't take long for the first man to get up and walk towards one of the holes
and when I saw what he did I just gasped. He opened his pants and presented his
penis through the hole and to my utter amazement Marisha took it in her hand,
looked at me and licked it before she closed her mouth around it.

She sucked that mans cock until he came all over her face and then he presented
her a 20 dollar bill. Marisha said "Thank you, sir." and smiled as she looked
at me. In the mean time two other men came up and presented their private
parts, Marisha took on in her hand as she started sucking the other. One after
the other came up to the wall and after they had unloaded they handed her a
tip, some 20s, some 50s. When a dark man walked up Marisha squealed and after
sucking him for a while, she put a condom on it and guided it inside her.
Through the window I could see his face as he was fucking Marisha who was
moaning "Oh yes baby, fuck me. Stretch that slutty cunt of mine."

After he unloaded all over her breasts he presented her a 100 dollar bill. We
were there for an hour or two and when we left Marisha had a grand total of 410
dollars in her purse. She pressed that button again, closed all the trap doors
and cleaned her self with some wipes from a box standing in a corner. Then she
put her dress back on and we left the store.

As we were driving I was still in shock of what I had just seen. My roommate
was a prostitute, or at least she allowed herself being paid for sexual favors.
I just couldn't find the right words to what I was thinking. Finally I just
said "So you are a prostitute?"

"Oh no," she replied, "This is all consensual sex between two adults. I don't
ask for money, if they don't want to it's fine too. And I don't set a price,
they give whatever they want to give. I've signed a contract with the shop that
I'm doing this of my own free will and will not charge money for it. It clearly
states that the customers are free to tip me. In the cinema itself is a big
sign stating that it's not necessary or mandatory to tip the performer. The
moment that I ask for money or demand it, the contract is null and void and
they have the absolute right, no duty, to call the police on me. And running
away has no use, the shop has all my personal details."

"But aren't you scared someone will find out?"

"So what? Like I said this is all between consensual adults and it's on my time
off. Nobody there knows I'm a student at Milton, except for the shop owner that
is. The girl who was working there doesn't even know my name."

"Wow," I said, "Just wow. I would never have thought."

"Now, I took a risk taking you and I trust my secret is safe with you. If this
ever comes out it would devastate my mother. And although I would like it to,
I'm just not ready for that."

"Why? Why would you want to ruin your mother like that?"

"Do you even know where she was during Christmas? She was at the White House,
she was having diner with the president. Like every single year she rather
spends her time there than with us. This year she had promised to be home, we
even had bought presents for her. But again there was _a small change to her
schedule_ and she was so sorry. Yeah, right."

I could see the anger on her face and I couldn't imagine what it must have been
like having a mother like that. Mine wasn't perfect either, but at least she
was there. I felt so sorry for her and if she hadn't been driving I would have
hugged her. "Don't worry," I said, "I can keep your secret."

"Good," she replied and tried to smile, "I knew you could."

That night I kept thinking about what I had seen. And even more about the
amount of money she had made in just over two ours of work. "410 dollars?", I
thought, "That's way more than I have ever made." Then I remembered Marisha had
worked two or three nights a week. "If she gets an average of 300 per night,
that's 900 dollars if she works three nights." I thought, "Times 4 is 3600
dollars! Wow. And the best thing is, she can work whenever she wants."

As those thoughts went through my head I just had to tell me not to think that
way. "I could never," I said to myself in my head, "Stop thinking about it.
It's just not done, okay? Stop it." But right after I thought "What I could do
with that kind of money."

A few days later school started again and the dorms were as busy as before.
Classes were followed, tests were made and many an hour was spent in the
library studying. After another evening of boring work at the store I was so
sick and tired of it. It was just after midnight as I walked to my car waving
to my manager who was closing the store for the day. I got into my car and
didn't feel like going home yet.

Before I realized I had parked across _The 53rd Base_ and my heart was
pounding. I just stared at that window with the golden letters and couldn't
decide what to do. I shook my head, started the car and drove off. When I
walked in the room an hour later Marisha asked where I had been. "Just driving
around," I said.

For the next few weeks the runt of going to school, studying and work really
got to me. There was hardly any time to have some fun and recharge. To earn
more money I had accepted more hours at the store, which also meant less time
off. Something just had to change.

One evening when I didn't have to work, I sat at my desk not really able to
concentrate on the book I had to read. Marisha had a late class and then she
would be at the library to study with some of her class-mates. I looked at the
clock and it was just after nine. I grunted and tried to read the next
paragraph. It had been warm all day and I felt rather sticky so I decided to
take a shower. "Maybe then I can concentrate," I thought.

When I returned I blow dried my hair, put it in a pony tail and stood there for
a moment, before I got dressed. An hour later I was back across _the 53rd Base_
wearing a tight dress and heels. With my heart pounding I walked in and there
was a man sitting behind the counter. He looked up at me when I stood in front
of him and asked "What can I do for you?"

"I'm here to _perform_" I replied with a tremble in my voice.

"Ah," he said and called for the girl to take over, "Follow me."

We went into that same room where I had been with Marisha. He turned to me and
asked "Do you know how this all works?"

"Yes, my friend showed it to me."

"Good, then you know the drill. When you are done, either me or Rachel will
give you a form to fill out. Put it in a closed envelope and you can drop it
off whenever you are ready. Just put it in the mailbox. Now, what should we
call you?"

"My real name? Or a fake one?"

"Whatever you want."

I thought for a moment and said "Barbie?"

He thought for a moment and said "Nope, already have one of those."

I had a hard time thinking of one and then said "Brandi, Brandi Hooters."

He chuckled and said "We don't have that one yet. Just make sure you write it
on the envelope. I will tell Rachel your performer name and she nor I ever
forget a face. So when the police comes we will hand them the closed envelope.
That we nobody here knows who you really are, okay?"

I nodded and just before he left he said "Have fun."

I sat down on the stool for a moment and looked through the window. There were
a lot of men in there, more than there had been the other night. After a few
moments I took off my dress, opened all the trap doors and pressed that button.

Within seconds the first one presented himself to me. My hand was shaking as I
reached out to it and my heart was beating so fast when I carefully licked it.
Then something just clicked and I opened my mouth and rolled my tongue over the
crown of this beautiful cock. I took it in deep and gagged on it. He pulled
away when I had to breath and put his hand through the hole. I raised him and
let him touch my boobs and moaned softly. "Let me feel your pussy," I heard him
say.

I got up, pressed my body against the wall and spread my legs a little. I
moaned harder when I felt his finger on my clit and even more when he slipped a
finger inside me. I knelt down again and sucked him until he had to come. I
giggled when I felt his seamen land on my face. In the mean time someone else
had presented himself at another hole as I happily accepted the 20 dollar bill.

I moved over to the next one and repeated everything I had done, by this time I
was already so horny and wet I had started to rub my clit as I was sucking some
strangers cock. When I had finished with the 9th one I very large cock came
poking through a hole, I sucked it for a while before I put a rain coat on it
and guided it inside me. "Oh my God," I said out loud, "You are so big." and I
lifted up my leg. I slid up and down that cock until he took over. I pressed my
pussy against the hole and he fucked me so hard. Then he said "I'll give you
200 if I can loose the condom." At first I said "No way", but a few seconds
later I turned around and slowly took the rain coat off before I presented my
cunt against that hole.

This time he entered me bareback and I groaned loudly. "Oh yes, baby. Fuck me,
fuck me as hard as you can. Come inside my pussy baby, I want all that cum."
After just a few thrusts I felt him explode and when he finally pulled out I
pressed my pussy against that hole so he could see his cum drip out of me.
Satisfied with the result he handed me two 100 dollar bills and at another hole
a big black cock had presented itself. I walked over and just pressed my cum
filled cunt over that dark pole. "Oh my God," I shouted, "Oh baby! Yes, fuck
me. Give me that cum baby. Fill me up with that sperm, I want it all baby."

When I was finally done, I pressed that button and closed all the trap doors. I
cleaned myself as best I could. In total I had 620 dollars in my purse and my
pussy full of stranger's sperm. After the first one I hadn't bothered using
condoms any more, I just wanted to feel them come inside me. As I was getting
dressed I just couldn't stop smiling. I had been there just under two and a
half hours and I felt totally satisfied, I hadn't had sex in such a long time
and this was just what I had needed.

As I left the store the girl handed me a form and went back to the book she was
reading, she just didn't seem to care anymore. "She must have seen it all," I
thought and quickly got back in the car. When I arrived back at the dorms
Marisha was sitting in our room and saw what I was wearing. She smiled
suspiciously at me and asked "Where have you been? I thought you wanted to
study."

I smiled, handed her the form and said "My name is Brandi, Brandi Hooters. So
nice to meet you."

Marisha burst into laughter saying "Brandi? Really? Brandi Hooters?"

I started to laugh to and asked her for the name she had used. And she said
"Barbie, Barbie Doll."

"Wow, and here I was thinking I had chosen a bad name."

"So how was it?" She asked.

"It was so good," I replied, "It was simply the best. I loved it so much and I
really didn't think I would."

"And how much?"

"Just over 600. I have never made that kind of money before."

She hugged me and said "It's so nice to meet you, Brandi. Maybe one day we can
work together?"

"I would like that," I replied.

And thus I had broken another norm and I didn't even feel guilty about it. I
gave the store my two week notice and worked as a _performer_ three of even
four nights a week. On a Saturday night we would be there for over six hours
and we made a lot those nights. On average I made just over 4,000 dollars a
month and for a 19-year old that was a lot of money.

By the time summer break arrived I had lost count of how many men I had been
intimate with and really I didn't care anymore. On a Saturday night I went to
work with Marisha we introduced the _Saturday Night Special_. During those
nights we would walk into the theater only wearing masks and heels. We would
have sex with every single man there and during one of those nights I had
allowed anal for the first time. Later that same night I had a cock in my
pussy, one in my ass and another one in my mouth. At the end of the _special_
we left with just over 1,000 dollars each and our pussies and asses filled with
their cum.

I had embraced my sexual side and started to dress more girly during the day,
my clothes got tighter, my skirts shorter and I had starter do wear heels every
single day, the higher the better. I just loved to be the object of lust
whenever a boy looked at me, it made me feel so horny when I caught their
glimpses. It had just been a year and I couldn't believe how much I had changed
in it.

### Chapter Three
During summer break I spent two weeks back home. When asked I said I worked at
a restaurant and left it at that. During the second week Marisha called and
said "I'm so tired of the dorms so I asked my mother to help me. She has bought
I nice apartment and I can rent it from her for cheap. Want to be roommates in
our own apartment? We can split the bills and live there for almost nothing."

The thought of leaving the dorms was really attractive and I thought about it
for a day or two before I said yes after she had sent me some photos of the
apartment. It was so nice and we both would have our own room again, which was
the biggest selling point for me. Marisha had decorated it very nicely and all
I had to do was pack up my stuff at the dorm and move out of there.

My parents didn't really have a problem with it. How could they? This was
senator Ray's daughter we were talking about. Thus I went back to Fort Dix a
few days early and packed up my stuff at the dorm just two days before I had to
be out of there. As Marisha had fixed up the apartment it was up to me to clean
the room when everything was cleared. It took me over two hours to finish and
when inspected the janitor said he had never seen a room this clean before.

With the last stuff in my car I made the final trip over to our new apartment
and I rang the buzzer so Marisha could let me in. I parked at the spot
designated to my car and I smiled when I saw the fake plate above it, it had
the same combination of my car to make it easier for the janitor to check it.

As I went through the door leading up to the ground floor I greeted the woman
who was doing the laundry in the launderette next to the garage. I got into the
elevator and pressed the button for the 11th floor. I had never in my life
lived somewhere that high and the first time I saw the view I was simply
amazed.

From our apartment we had a view over Fort Dix and in the distance we could
just about see the ocean, it was just perfect. In front of the living area was
a balcony so we could sit outside for breakfast or something. The living area
was divided into a space where you could sit and watch TV, a dining area and an
open kitchen with a bar. The kitchen had all the appliances we ever needed. On
one side of the living area were two doors, one for Marisha's room and one for
the large bathroom. On the other side was the door leading to my bedroom and a
room we had designated _study_, but for now there was just a desk in there.

The best thing was the apartment was in walking distance from our school and
the Old Town. Going to school would mean a short walk through the park behind
our apartment. Being close to Old Town meant we could go out to eat whenever we
wanted without needing to drive or take a cab. It was all just too perfect.

As I was looking at the posters and paintings hanging on the wall Marisha put
her arms around me and said "You can change anything in here what you want.
Place some photos, change a poster or a painting. I want this apartment to me
as much yours as it is mine. I mean we both pay half the rent, don't we?"

I nodded and kissed her "Thank you for asking me, you didn't have to."

"Are you kidding me? My mother wanted to give this to me but I said no. I don't
want her charity, so we set it up so I had to pay rent. That way she doesn't
loose anything and I don't feel like I owe her a dime more than the monthly
rent. We both win."

"This is perfect, I really love it."

"Thank you for accepting to live with me here. I feel like I can breath again."

"Me too. It's nice having my own room again. It really is."

That evening we ordered in and spent the night watching movies on Netflix.
Around midnight we got ready, got in her car and went to work. When we went
home three hours my purse was filled with 960 dollars and my pussy was filled
with the seamen of 16 men, six others had come on my face and my boobs. Marisha
had earned even more as she had satisfied 32 men that night.

When we got home we showered together, kissed and Marisha kissed my boobs for
the first time, not long after we were in her bed, her pussy pressed against
mine mixing our fluids and the ones of all those men who had _donated_. We had
multiple orgasms and came together a few times. Totally exhausted we fell
asleep in each others arms. We never slept apart after that night, we either
slept in her or in my bed.

Having our own place also included come changes to our rhythm of studying and
school. As now we couldn't just study at the library and walk home as safe as
it was on campus, not that it was particularly dangerous but walking through
the park at night wasn't one of my favorite things to do, especially the way I
was dressed at times.

One of those nights I was rushing home when a man popped up from behind the
bushes and had this look on his face. He grabbed my, pulled my shirt up and
pushed his hand against my vagina. "Oh my God," I blurted out and then looked
at him before I said "All you had to do was ask." I lifted up my leg and let
him finger me. I panted "Oh yes baby. Make me wet." I placed my hand against
his cock and wriggled it out of his pants. With my leg still up in the air I
guided him inside me.

"Now fuck me baby," I panted, "Fuck me for the slut I am." He started to pound
me and when he was about to come I panted "Don't you dare pull out. Come inside
me, give me that cum." He exploded inside my pussy and pulled out immediately.
I turned around and said "Now punch my face. Do it. As hard as you can."
Without warning he did what I asked and I almost lost consciousness. He ran
away and I shouted. "I've got evidence now. They will find you, you bastard."

That same night two officers came by to get my statement. I gave a stellar
performance and they took me to the hospital for a rape kit. They also took
photos of my face with the giant bruise and three weeks later they arrested
that loser. Turned out he was a serial rapist and they didn't even need my
testimony to sentence him to multiple years in prison. When he tried to tell
them what I had done, they just didn't believe him. "No woman would do such a
thing," they had said according to the police report.

During that Christmas break I spent three days at home as Marisha had arranged
a surprise for me. "I found something where we can spend New Years," she said,
"I'm sure you will like it. The best thing is we can earn some cash too." I had
to admit I was intrigued by the proposal and couldn't wait to see what it was.

That year was also the first year Maja couldn't be with us. Ever since she had
included exclusive gifts someone made for her, her business had only grown and
now she was expanding to another town and she didn't have time to come over as
that shop had just opened before the Christmas rush.

When I got home after Christmas we packed our suitcases and got into Marisha's
car, we drove for over three hours until we reached what I called a hotel deep
in the mountains somewhere. I had no clue where we were. As we walked in the
girl behind the desk said "So nice to see you again Barbie. Everything well I
hope. And who is this?"

"This is Brandi, my friend," Marisha replied.

"So nice to meet you Brandi. Well your rooms are ready and dinner is served at
seven. Have a very good time, girls.". The woman walked away and Marisha
gestured to follow her. We went up the stairs to the first floor and she opened
the door to room 12. It was a very nice room, decorated in the style of the
1800s and on two mannequins were to dresses of the same era. After we had
showered, Marisha helped me with my hair and whens she was done it looked just
like the women had in those times. She then helped me with a corset and I had
to adjust my breathing as tight as it was. She then helped me put on a dress
with lots of pink in it. When she was done I helped her get into hers.

When we were done Marisha turned to me and said "From this moment forward,
until midnight in four days. We are Barbie and Brandi, not ever will you
mention my name or I will yours. From the moment dinner starts we are back in
the 1800s and we are _women of the night_. We are the entertainment and we
offer sex for 200, everything else is 50. A kiss will cost them 10 dollars.
Okay? For the coming days we are the whores we really are."

My hears started beating faster as we made our way down the stairs, there were
already some ladies standing in the hallway and the woman who had greeted us
had changed too. "Come on ladies, we don't have all night. Now you all know the
prices, right? Good, I don't want to hear any complaints. If anyone complains
you will spent the night in the rack and you will be free for anyone to use as
they please, you all understand right? Okay, then our guest will arrive
shortly so please make them feel welcome." It was clear the woman played the
madame and we were her girls.

I looked around to the other girls when all of a sudden my heart stopped. I was
looking straight in the face of Maja, my sister. She was playing a hooker too.
I walked up to her and whispered "What are you doing here?"

She replied with "I could ask you the same thing."

"Okay," I replied, "Let's talk about this later. What do they call you here?
I'm Brandi."

"Cindy," she replied, "We really need to talk about this."

We both went our own way and the guests arrived. I followed Marisha's example
and greeted them kindly. As soon as they wanted to kiss me I waved my finger no
and only accepted a kiss after they had put 5 dollars in my cleavage. When
dinner began I sat down next to a man who had offered me 50 to have dinner with
him and we had a nice conversation. He pretended to be a lawman, he even had
the star to prove it. When dinner was over we retreated to his room where I
entertained him for 200 dollars. When I left the room I went back downstairs
and had a nice talk with another man, who I also entertained in his room.

At then end of the night I had over 2,000 dollars in my purse and was about to
entertain the last one of the night. He bent me over the bar, pulled up my
skirt and pushed his rod deep inside my now cock hungry pussy. As I was being
pounded I looked over my shoulder and saw Maja being fucked by another man. Her
boobs were out and flopping as she was being pounded. Seeing my sister like
this somehow excited me even more and when our gazes met we smiled at each
other.

When all the guests had retreated to their rooms, it was time for us girls to
retreat to our quarters. It took me some time to get out of all of those
clothes and when Marisha finally loosened the corset I was so happy to breath
normally again. "These dresses are just for the first night," she said,
"Tomorrow we will get dresses the whores of the west really wore." I was more
than happy to hear that.

Then there was a knock on the door and I opened it. Maja stepped inside and
grabbed my arm. "What the hell are you doing?" she bit.

"What are you doing?" I replied, "Is this were you went all those years during
summer? How long have you been doing this?"

She let me go and sat down. She looked defeated and said "14 years or so.
That's how I could afford the shop in the first place. I don't know how it
happened. It was in college and I saw this ad, before I knew it I was in bed
with some guy and I realized I loved it. So I came back the next year and the
next. You?"

I told her everything about the adult store and what Marisha and I were doing
there. When I was finished Maja said "Wow, you are even a bigger whore than I
am."

I chuckled and said "Look who's talking." Maja laughed too and we hugged. As
she held me she said "Not a word to mom or dad." I nodded and said "Of course,
the same goes for you." We chatted some more that night and I had never felt so
close to my sister. Finally after all these years we had found something we had
in common.

The next day I woke up as there was a knock on the door. The woman who had
greeted us brought in two dresses for us to wear. I took a shower, cleaned
myself up and put on the dress that was designated for me. It was way more
comfortable and just as back then we didn't need underwear. As the guests were
still sleeping or doing something else I wandered around the property. I came
across the barns and petted the horses, when I heard someone moan.

I walked over and peeked over the wall. On the floor was my sister on hands and
knees, over her back was a big black dog and he was clearly mounting her. "Oh
yes," I heard her say, "Oh yes, good boy. Good boy." She reached back and
grabbed his legs. The dog stopped moving and Maja rested her head on the
floor. She kept moaning and as I stepped into the barn from behind the wall
she smiled at me.

In the pen behind her several dogs where barking and I started to pet a
retriever. He jumped up at me and I got him out of there. He jumped at me again
and I lost balance and fell to the floor. As I tried to get up, he began to
mound me and I could see his big canine cock come out of it's sheet. I raised
up my skirt and before I knew it he was inside me. I squealed and screamed out
loud when I felt the knot enter my pussy. I turned my face towards my sister as
we both had big fat dog cocks in our pussies. "Oh my God," I said to her, "this
feels so good." Maja just nodded and said "Tonight I'm fucking a pig, you
should see how much sperm they produce. I can't wait."

The dog jumped off of her and she pulled him closer. I watched her as she
sucked the dogs cock and I rubbed my clit with the throbbing dog cock deep
inside my wet pussy. When the dog pulled away I let him go and stepped into the
pen with the other dogs. Before I knew it I had another canine cock inside me
and I had sex with all of them, all 39.
