# Breeder
_an erotic tale by Transgirl_

## Chapter One
Near the coast in a city called Port Verde a college rose to fame over the past
100 years. As one of the most esteemed centers of learning _Berrings School for
Higher Education_ was very hard to get in to. Imagine my excitement when the
letter of acceptance finally fell on our doormat. The school had since three
years changed it's name to _Port Verde University_, or _PVU_, had always been
my dream to attend and now it was coming true.

Although my parents didn't like me going 1,000 miles away to college, they did
support me and helped me find a nice place to stay. The school itself didn't
offer any dorms or housing, but there were lot's of complexes especially aimed
at students. In one of those I found my apartment. It wasn't large by any
means. Compared to my room at home it was smaller, by a lot. The selling point
however were the shared study rooms, shared living spaces including a large
balcony with grills and the swimming pool in the basement. The complex offered
everything I needed to be successful in college.

The first night there I wondered how I would cope having hardly any personal
space. The room itself was already full with a bed, a small desk, a small
kitchen and a shower. Soon enough I learned that most of the residents didn't
stay in their room all day, most of their time were spent in one of the shared
spaces. Being a little shy it wasn't easy for me to just go out there and sit
amongst people I didn't know. One of them, a red headed girl named Marisha, did
her best to pull me out of my room and into the group of people living on our
floor. "Come on," she said, "We're having a barbecue on the balcony. It's going
to be so much fun."

Over the first weeks she managed to pull me out of my shell and I enjoyed being
amongst peers. Most of them had already been living there for a couple of years
and I was one of the few freshmen. "So what do you do?" one of them asked as we
were watching the college football team on TV.

"Law," I replied, "my dad has a practice back home and he would love to see me
take over one day. But I don't know. I would really love to go into criminal
law, in stead of family law. I just don't know yet. I'm just concentrating on
getting through the first year."

"Yeah, that's already hard enough. You should talk to Liam over there, he's
almost done with law school. Maybe he could give you some pointers."

"And you? What do you do?"

"Me? I'm the eternal student. Physics. Something you never stop learning
about." he laughed, "I want to work for some space agency one day. Not to go
into space myself, but help others reach that goal would be awesome."

"Don't let him fool you," someone else said, "He's one of the most intelligent
people on campus. He's working on a dissertation now that will just blow your
mind. Not that I understand any of it, I'm just some stupid mathematician. But
still, he can't do any of his work without me."

"Oh yes, I can. I can do my own calculations, my friend. I've got a little
Japanese friend that can tell me exactly how much 1 plus 1 is."

"Ha, and who do you thing taught your little Japanese friend? It was someone
like us."

The first one threw a pillow and they both laughed. The group of people on my
floor were a very diverse one. Ranging from the geeks to the artists, one of
the latter was Marisha. She studied _Photography and Digital Design_. "Are
these geeks boring you again?" she asked as she sat down next to me, "Don't
worry. I'm here to rescue you. What's this on TV? Why are they throwing that
ball around? Isn't it easier to have a round ball? Why are there stripes on the
grass?"

"Girls!," one of the boys sighed, "It's no wonder this world is going to
smithereens."

"Hey!," another said, "Isn't your dad some football coach?"

"Oh yeah," Marisha chuckled and when the coach was in view she said "Oh hey
dad! Now I know where you are." She winked at me and I chuckled. Marisha didn't
hide her father was the coach of the football team, she didn't advertise it
either. To her it was just a fact of life, her father got the job a year before
she applied to go to PVU. "I chose PVU because it has the best classes in
Photography, I get classes from the best here. That my dad is the coach is just
a thing I don't really care about. He's at the other side of Port Verde. I've
got to drive forty minutes when I go to see him. So it doesn't bother me."

PVU had small campuses all over town. Mine was on the eastern part in a
collection of buildings known as _The Law Department_. Marisha's school was in
the Western part of town known colloquially as _The Village_. Her father
however was mostly in the Northern part of town, _The Tech Strip_. Most of the
players were located over there and followed studies like _Business Technology_
or _Information Technology_. Their main goal however was to play football.

All in all it was a wide diversity of people living all over town and because
of all the students Port Verde had a very lively nightlife. There were bars,
restaurants, clubs, theaters all over town and to accommodate all that the city
had abandoned zoning a long time ago, giving Port Verde a more European look
than the rest of the country. For example to get my groceries I only had to
walk six minutes to a store around the corner, next to us was a bistro that had
the best coffee I had ever had. A few blocks from us was our local watering
hole, _The Vagrant_. And even though I wasn't of legal age to drink alcohol, I
could go there to get a soda or something.

I was living there for almost half a year when I came back home late after
classes, it was almost midnight as I got out of the subway to walk back home.
From the corner of my eyes I saw this girl walking towards the platforms. Which
was a little strange as I had just gotten out of the last one that evening. I
wondered what she was doing this late in an almost abandoned subway station.
After following her far a few minutes I saw her standing in the middle of a
platform, looking around if anyone was there to see her. I hid behind a pillar
and when I peeked to see what she was doing I gasped. Slowly she opened her
coat and slid it off her shoulders. But for a pair of stockings she was
completely naked and started to walk up and down the platform. After a few
minutes she quickly put her coat back on and rushed away. Up the stairs where I
lost track of her.

I couldn't believe what I had just seen. Still in shock I walked back home.
Once back in my room I went to bed, still wondering about why a girl like that
would do such a thing. It was just so dangerous. Maybe that was it. The thrill
of being seen, the thrill of getting caught. Would I dare to do such a thing?
How would it feel? And why the subway station? Why choose an area so well lit?
With all those questions I fell asleep.

It wasn't for a few weeks that I saw her again. This time I was going home from
my work at a restaurant. She was walking down the street across from me. I
quickly crossed the road to see what she was up to. After turning the corner a
few times we entered a rather abandoned road. Underneath on of the street
lights she opened her coat again. This time she was only wearing a pair of
sneakers. She just kept walking with her coat wide open until she took it off
and dropped it on a bench. She kept on walking around the block, totally naked.
When she got back to her coat, she sat down next to it. Spread her legs wide
and started to masturbate. I took a deep breath, collected all my courage and
walked up to her.

"What are you doing?" I softly asked her. She wasn't startled at all when I
approached her she just looked at me and said "Why were you following me?" That
question shocked me, I had been so sure that I was hidden all the time.

"I -- I didn't --" I stumbled.

"It's okay," she smiled, "I just love being naked in public. It gives me a
sense of freedom. I don't mind being seen like this, I love it. Sometimes I
even show myself to men, just to see their reaction."

"You do? But isn't this dangerous, illegal even."

"Sure, but I've never been arrested. I just let them fondle me for a moment and
I get a warning or something. I'm not a prostitute, I'm just an exhibitionist."

"Wow. I've never met anyone like you. My name is Laura."

"Hi, Susie. Nice to meet you. Come, want to get something to drink? I know this
place that's still open around here." Susie put her coat back on and got up.
"Come on. You've seen me naked now and the least you can do is buy me a
drink." She laughed and I got up. A few minutes later we entered a small bar a
few blocks away. We sat down at a table in the back and I got us something to
drink. "So, Laura, tell me why did you follow me?"

"Well, a few weeks ago I saw you in the subway station. And I wondered why you
did what you did. When I saw you walking down the street I couldn't help but
follow you. I just wanted to know why."

"Well, you know why now. But I can't help to think there's something more.
Something you're not saying or something you don't even know is there. I think
you'd like to do what I do. I don't know, there's just something about you that
feels -- comfortable. That's why I didn't get scared when you approached me."

"Oh no, I could never do such a thing. No. Not ever."

"Denial," Susie said, "One of the steps towards acceptance. Sorry, psychology
major. But it's true. I denied it at first too, but after the first steps I
just couldn't stop. For me it all started when I went to the beach and lost my
top. The only thing I had left was my skirt and a very loose jacket. I was
rushing home when a gust of wind got hold of my jacket and exposed my right
breast to someone walking towards me. I felt so embarrassed but excited at the
same time. That night I got in my car, drove to a spot outside of the city and
in the dark I took off my shirt. Just for a few seconds and I drove back home
again. That excitement, that thrill captured me and I was back there the next
night and the night after. Over time I did it closer and closer to the city,
until I am where I am today."

"Wow, still it's not a thing I would do or want to do. I admire your courage
though, but it's not for me."

"That's what they all say at first," Susie laughed. We finished our drinks,
said goodbye and I walked back home. It was almost one in the morning as I
walked through the almost abandoned streets. Something inside me changed and I
felt an urge to do something I would never have thought I would do. In a dark
alleyway I found a spot behind a container. I looked around if there was
anybody around me. I took off my jacket, then my shirt. After putting my shirt
in my bag, I put my jacket back on. I rushed back to the street and continued
walking back home. As I was walking I held my jacket closed with my arms, when
I was certain nobody was watching me I relaxed my arms a little letting my
jacket fall open. Feeling the midnight air on my skin felt wonderful and just
the thought of someone seeing me outside in just my bra was so exciting.

Just before I reached my apartment I closed my jacket again and walked inside.
I greeted the security guard sitting at the desk in the lobby and acted as
normal as possible. "Late night Miss Bailey?" he asked as I walked in.

"Just went to get a drink after work. You know how it goes." I replied.

"Don't I know it. Have a good night, Miss Bailey."

My heart was racing at that time. I got into the elevator, rushed through the
hallway and into my room. Only there I relaxed and noticed how fast my heart
was beating. This had been so exciting and suddenly I understood what Susie had
been telling me. This was addicting and I told myself I would never ever do
such a thing again. It was just to scary for me.

Three weeks later another late night at work. The store I was working at wanted
a random inventory check, something we had to do after closing time. The train
ride only took 20 minutes after which I walked out of the station with all the
other people wanting to get home. My apartment was in the more quiet part of
town, one of the reasons I wasn't that scared to ride the subway home that
late. On my way home I felt that urge again, I tried telling myself not to do
it, The more I resisted the stronger the urge got, moments later I found myself
in a dark alleyway again. This time I didn't just remove my shirt, I took off
my bra too. My heart was racing, throbbing in my throat. I rushed out the
alleyway, keeping my jacket closed with my arms. It was just a few blocks back
to my apartment. The streets were well lit by streetlights and empty. I relaxed
a little more the longer I walked. After a few minutes I relaxed my arms,
lowered them to my side. A gush of wind blew my jacket open, exposing my
breasts to the midnight air. I felt my nipples harden, adrenaline pumping
through my veins. It felt so exhilarating, so exciting. My heart skipped a beat
when I saw a shadow turning the corner. I quickly closed my jacked, put my arms
around me to keep it closed and sped up my step. I couldn't breath as the man
walked towards me, I don't think my heart beat even once as the man was close
to me, it seemed to last forever those few steps.

I rushed into the complex. The security guard sitting at the desk asked
"Anything wrong Miss Bailey? You look a little flustered."

"Just some creep following me," I replied, "I don't like getting home this
late." The guard stood up, went outside and returned a few seconds later. "I
don't see anyone," he said, "Better go inside. It's okay now."

"Thank you," I said softly and got into the elevator. My naked torso underneath
my jacket made me feel naked. Even though I wasn't outside anymore, I still
didn't feel safe. The hallway was empty and almost dark. As I walked through
that hallway I lowered my arms once more. My jacket opened up, I kept walking
with my breasts exposed. With a shaking hand I opened the door to my apartment.
Once inside I dropped on my bed and vowed to never ever do something like that
again. "Not ever again," I kept telling myself. At the same time I knew deep
inside that I wanted to do it again.

I could control it for about six months, a period in which I concentrated on my
studies, passing my midterm exams. All that time the urge to go outside grew
bigger until it just became too much. I started looking for ways to slip out of
the complex without the guard noticing me. I just didn't want to be dependent
on me getting home late, I wanted everybody to think I was in my room, just to
keep it a secret. As I went down into the basement I noticed a door in the
back. On it was a sign stating _Keep closed at all times_, I looked over my
shoulder to see if anybody could see me. With my left hand I tried to open it
and to my utter amazement it did. Then I noticed the fire exit sign above it.
"No wonder it opens," I thought. A quick peek outside showed me it opened up to
the street behind the building. Once closed it was impossible to open from the
outside, I needed to find a way to keep it open while still looking closed.


