# Changes
_an erotic tale by Transgirl_

## Disclaimer
The following story is fictional and does not depict any actual person or
event.

## Chapter One
Meeting Marisha can be seen as one of the worst and best thing that ever
happened in my life. My father was in the army and because of that we moved
around a lot. Being shy by nature making new friends every time we moved wasn't
easy for me. At the age of fourteen we moved yet once again, this time my
father would be stationed permanently as he was promoted once more. This
however had been promised a few times before so I didn't really believe it was
true. From a small town we moved to a big city, something I thought was a
blessing in disguise.

My first day at school was just like all the other first days I had experienced
when attending a new school. My shyness didn't allow me to interact with my
class mates, during a break I sat alone at a table in the back of the
restaurant. As I sat there eating my lunch a girl sat down across from me. Her
long red hair was waving as she moved. "Hi, I'm Marisha. You're new here?"

"Yeah," I said softly, "We just moved here."

"Did you? I've never moved. Where did you move from?"

"A small town called Boulder. My dad is in the army, we moved a lot."

Despite being shy there was something about Marisha that made it easy for me to
talk to her. She had something disarming about her, a charming deposition. She
smiled "Boulder? Never heard of it. Is it nice there?"

"No, not really. It's a small town. All we had was a diner to get ice cream."

"Wow, then moving here is quite the change. Ever been to the mall?"

"No. As I said we just moved here two weeks ago."

"Want to go? I'm going this afternoon."

"I can't. My mom is picking me up."

"Too bad. Well, maybe another time then." Marisha got up, took a step then
turned around. "You never told me your name," she said.

"Oh, it's Laura, Laura Bailey."

"Nice to meet you Laura," she smiled, "See you around then." She walked off and
I followed her with my eyes. The rest of the day went as expected, a lot of
introductions in every class I had. During the last one I walked into the
classroom and Marisha was sitting in the back. She gestured for me to sit down
next to her and I did. "Hi," she said as I was sitting down, "So we have at
least one class together." It felt nice to at least know one person in that
class.

During the following weeks Marisha and I spent more and more time together,
even after school. Slowly we became friends, best friends even. With every
moment we spent together she pulled me out of my shell, much to the joy of my
mother. "It's nice to see you make friends," she told me one evening as she sat
on the side of my bed, "I always wanted you to get out in the real world and
not spend so much time on the internet."

"My friends are on the internet mom," I replied, "I still do that."

"I know," she replied, "but now at least you are also going out there. Like
going to the mall and stuff. That's all I wanted."

"Marisha is taking me tomorrow," I replied, "She needs a dress for something or
another and she asked me to go with her."

"That's nice, who is dropping you off?"

"Her mom. Marisha is almost fifteen. She's getting her learners permit for her
birthday."

"Is she? Well, your father and I can talk about that. No promises."

"Really? Thank you mom. That would be so nice."

"As I said no promises. I'm going to talk to dad about it."

The next day I couldn't wait to tell Marisha. "They did? That's great! Mom, did
you hear that. Laura is getting her permit too." Her mother laughed and fifteen
minutes later she dropped us off at the mall. "Don't get something awful," her
mother laughed as Marisha got out of the car. "You know me mom," Marisha
chuckled. We went into the mall, got us both a latte machiato before we went
shopping. One of the stores had a sale and we went in. On one of the racks
Marisha saw a dress she really liked. After getting out of the changing room I
saw the dress was very tight fitting and low cut in the front. "That's rather
-- revealing," I said, "You sure you want that?"

"Yeah, I love it," she replied, "This is exactly what I've been looking for and
they're on sale too. Just 12 dollars a piece. I might get two of these, one red
and one this black one. Why don't you try one on as well?"

"Oh no, they're way to tight for me," I replied with a giggle, "What will
people think of me?"

"Who cares?" Marisha replied, "Whether you want it or not, people talk. So why
not give them something to talk about? That way you at least have some fun
while they are talking about you." I thought about what she said for a while
before I caved in and got a pink version of the same dress from the rack. I
looked at myself in the mirror that was in the changing room. "Com out,"
Marisha said, "Let me see it too." I felt my heart skip a beat, trying on a
dress like that was one thing, to step out in the open was another. Marisha
kept on asking me to come out and I took a deep breath before I actually did
it. My heart was racing, but when Marisha complemented me I felt a little more
secure.

"You look so beautiful," she said, "you should totally get that dress."

"You think? I don't know. I've never had something like this before. Isn't it a
little too sexy?"

"No, not at all. You look so nice in it. And for just 12 dollars? That's just
two latte's. Think about it."

Later that evening I returned home with three bags of clothes, one of the items
was that pink dress. My mother didn't immediately like it, not at all actually.
"But mom," I replied, "I won't just wear this. I can wear a shirt underneath
and a jacket on top. Maybe even with a pair of leggings. It's the latest
fashion mom and it was really cheap too."

My mother sighed and said "Why do you have to grow up this fast? Okay, please
sit down. Your father and I have been talking and now we live in this big city
there's something we need to talk about. You're becoming a woman now and it's
time we had _the talk_."

"Mom!" I protested, "I know all about it already. Remember I have biology
classes."

"Sure, but we still do have to do this. I've made an appointment with the
doctor for Tuesday evening. We're getting you birth control. Your father
doesn't like it, but we need to do this. What if something really bad happens?
Like, God forbid, you get raped. With this you at least have some form of
protection. If not for you, do it for me. Please."

"Mom, I've never --"

"I understand," she interrupted me, "And I am happy to hear that. Still we have
to do this." My mother took me into her arms and said "I just don't want to see
you get hurt, that's all." I just nodded and secretly I was happy they had
made that decision for me as I had wanted to bring it up for a few months by
then, I just never got the nerves to actually do so.

A few weeks later Marisha invited me to a sleepover. Her parents were out of
town for the weekend and the only way they agreed not to have a babysitter was
if I came to her rescue. "Now whenever there's a problem call me," my mother
iterated for the millionth time. "Don't worry Mrs Bailey," Marisha said, "We've
got the phone number of the neighbors too. My parents made me promise to call
them too." Feeling a little more relieved my mother drove home. An hour into
the sleepover Marisha and I were talking about some of the boys at school.

"Brandon? Really?" I chuckled, "He seems such a dork."

"No he isn't. He's just a little shy, like you."

"Thanks for that," I chuckled.

Marisha got really quiet and said "Can you keep a secret?"

A little taken a back from that sudden change of demeanor I said "Sure."

"I'm not a virgin anymore," Marisha said, "I've had sex a few weeks ago."

"What? Really? With whom?"

"I can't say that. I really can't. All I can say it was so nice. He was so
gentle with me and it didn't even hurt that much."

"Wow, really? I'm not ready for it. Just seems to scary to me."

"Really? Oh no, it was wonderful. I had sex with him three more times. Every
time it got better."

"Wow, I can't believe it."

"We can go there tonight if you want to. He loves _helping_ girls like us. As I
said he's really nice and gentle. You don't have to be scared at all."

"Oh I don't know about that. I don't feel like it."

"Come on. We could put on our new dresses. You did bring yours right?"

"Sure, but if I had known why I wouldn't have."

"Ah, come on. It will be fun. I mean I could be there with you if you want me
to."

"No, please, no. I'm not ready for such a thing. Please stop talking about it."
Marisha sighed and we stopped talking about it. A seed had been planted
however, a seed of doubt, a seed of questioning myself if I really didn't want
this. The next day I went home, still in doubt of what Marisha had told me.
Maybe it was a good thing to have a nice first time experience. On the internet
I had heard so many bad experiences from my online friends. Having a good
experience might be something beautiful.

It took me a few months to make a decision. During another sleepover at
Marisha's place I pulled out my pink dress and said "Maybe we could have some
fun?" Marisha's eyes lit up and an hour later we were ready to go. "It's not
that far," Marisha said, "I already texted him we were coming over. He's
expecting us. Don't be scared, it's all okay." As we walked over my heart was
racing, skipping a beat when Marisha knocked on the door. A man in his late
forties opened the door. "Hey Mike," Marisha said, "This is Laura. Can we come
in?"

The fact he was an older man really shocked me and I pulled Marisha into the
kitchen telling Mike I needed a minute. "What's this?" I hissed to her, "He's
an old man. I'm not doing this."

"But he's so gentle," Marisha said, "And he loves girls our age. Why not help
him and get something out of it? He will pay us 250 dollars each. Think about
it, if it isn't for us he might rape a girl. This way he doesn't have to do
that."

"What? Having sex for money? That's even more illegal."

"Why though? We all consent to this. I wanted it, he wanted it and we both had
fun. We don't hurt anyone."

"I can't. Please take me home."

"Okay, you don't have to do it. Just wait here for me. I will be back soon."
She disappeared from the kitchen and within a few minutes I heard noises coming
from the living room. I got a little curious about what was going on and I
peeked around the corner. Marisha was on her knees while Mike was sitting in
chair. All I saw was her head going up and down, I knew what she was doing. I
got a little closer and could hear her slobbering. Mike opened his eyes and saw
me standing in the far end of the room. He just smiled as I watched them.

After watching for a while Marisha got up, took a few steps away from Mike and
slowly took off her dress. I was stunned she didn't wear any underwear, she
straddled Mike. "You want me, Mike?" she asked. Mike nodded as Marisha looked
into his eyes. "You really want me Mike?" Marisha asked again. She slowly got
up and I moved in a little closer. From my new viewpoint I could see she was
holding up his penis and placed it against her hole. She turned her head
towards me, smiled and slowly sat down. She moaned as the penis disappeared
inside her. "Now fuck me Mike," Marisha said and moaned again, "Fuck my
fourteen year old cunt."

As I watched them have sex something broke inside me. It was exciting to watch
them having sex. My left hand slowly went up to my small breasts and I squeezed
them softly. I took a few more steps towards the couple in front of me. I was
now in reach of Mike and he slowly put his had towards me. My heart was racing
even faster now and when he touched me it sent thrills down my spine. He placed
his hands between my legs and made his way up to my now rather wet pussy.

I moaned loudly as he pulled my panties aside and thrust a finger inside me.
Now he was fucking Marisha and fingering me. After just a few minutes he
whispered "Take off your dress." I stared at him and did as he asked. Quickly
followed by my underwear. I took a few more steps towards them and Mike kissed
my small breasts. Marisha got off of him and Mike guided us towards the
bedroom. On that bed I laid on my back, Mike spread my legs and for the first
time I felt a penis against my vagina. Marisha had been right, he was gentle
and took his time. I was so wet by the time he placed his cock against my
fuck hole. "Oh yes," I panted, "I'm ready." Slowly Mike pushed his penis inside
me, ever so slow. It seemed to last for ages before he stopped and I could feel
his balls against my ass. No longer was I a virgin, I was a woman now.

Marisha kissed me and whispered "See? It's not that bad. Now fuck her Mike,
make her feel just as good as you make me feel." Mike started pumping and with
every thrust I moaned softly. Marisha kissed me on the mouth, as she did that I
opened my mouth and our tongues touched for the first time. Mike kept pumping
and I spread my legs as wide as I could. "Oh yes," I panted, "Fuck me! Fuck my
fourteen year old pussy! I love it!"

Two hours later we went back to Marisha's home. Each 250 dollars richer and me
no longer a virgin. It felt like a victory, I was over the moon.
