# My Dirty Little Secret
_erotic tales by Transgirl_

## Cheating With Permission

### Chapter One
"Hurry up!" Megan shouted as she eagerly stood by the car that would bring her
to her to the next chapter in her life. She had graduated high school with
flying colors and was about to start at her favorite college. Her mother was
still in the kitchen doing something. Her mother had dreaded this moment ever 
since her daughter was born. As an only child Megan had been protected by her 
mother and although they had been strict her childhood had been a happy one.

"Yeah, yeah, I'm coming," her mother shouted back, "Just making sure the oven
is off." Megan knew fully well that was just an excuse to postpone the
inevitable and she couldn't resist a little smile. Finally her mother stepped
outside, locking the door behind her. "I'm ready," her mother said and Megan
could hear the slight snicker in her voice. At that moment she felt sorry for
her mother, but this was what she had been working towards ever since middle
school and it was finally happening.

Next to graduating receiving that letter from Kingston College had been one of
the best days in her life. She had worked so hard to get into one of the most
prestigious colleges in the country. Her mother had been proud and sad at the
same time, her father just couldn't have been more delighted. They had always
been two peas in a pod, her father and Megan. "You got the looks from your
mother, but that brain you got from me," he always said.

Her mother had been a model in her younger years, a period she didn't really
want to talk about. "It was dumb of me to even try," she had always said and
Megan had seen only a few of her photos from that period. People who saw them
always said how much Megan looked like her mother when she was younger. During
that period her mother had met a young man that totally swept her of her feet
and a year later they got married, eight months later Megan was born. A year
later her mother got really sick and they had to do a hysterectomy to safe her
life which threw her mother into a year long depression.

Megan had been too young to remember anything of that period and her parents
didn't really want to talk about it. The only thing she knew was told by other
family members or people who knew them back then and even they didn't tell her
everything. Megan had tried to find out more but gave up and accepted that she
would never know all of it. "I have to respect my parents wishes," she had told
a friend later, "They are doing their best to protect me, I know. And everybody
else just keeps their mouths shut."

Megan looked out the rear windshield and watched the house she grew up in
getting smaller. "Bye house," she whispered, "Thank you for everything."
Thanking inanimate objects was a remnant of her childhood ever since she had
read that in one of her favorite childhood books, _Silvia and the beaker_. That
story was about a little girl whose beaker came to life during the night and
took her on all kinds of adventures. In that story Silvia learned to always
thank everything that helped her during the day.

The drive over to her new school took almost four hours and halfway they
stopped at a roadside diner. Megan watched her father fill up the car as they
sat in the diner ordering something to eat. Her father joined them moments
later and they had a lovely dinner. "My daughter is going to Kingston," he
proudly told anyone who could hear him, whether they wanted to hear it or not.
Megan smiled when she saw how proud he was off her.

At that moment she was also very grateful for everything they had done for her,
they had worked so hard to give her everything they had wanted for their own
lives. Her father had started as a worker at the company he now helped run as
the Chief Technical Officer. He had worked his way up the ladder, going to
school next to working full time. When Megan was old enough her mother started
working as a nurse at the local hospital, the same one that had saved her life.
She worked her way up to head nurse. When Megan graduated they revealed they
had been saving up for all of her life so she could attend college. Together
with the scholarship it would pay for all of her tuition.

"But," her father had said, "If you want to have a little pocket money you will
have to find a job. It's part of growing up." Megan was no stranger to hard
work as from the moment she was old enough she had worked for same company as
he father did. The best part of working there was that she could always study
when there was nothing to do. Her father had made sure of that.

Megan was seating in the passenger seat next to her father and gasped when the
majestic buildings became visible as they turned the corner on to the parking
nearby the college. She recognized them from all the pictures she had seen in
all the brochures she had read about the college. "That's the Kingston
building," she said as she pointed to one of the oldest buildings on campus.
David Kingston was one of the first settlers and as a teacher he established
the first school. That school grew to become the college it is today.

Megan just stared at the gate and could hardly believe she was actually there.
Her mother put her arms around her and the both of them looked at the buildings
rising up from the huge wall surrounding the campus. That wall was the reason
Kingston always had this aura of mystery around it. When Megan turned her head
a little she could just about see the top of the old oak tree. It was rumored
it had been planted as a seedling by Kingston himself, but there was nothing to
substantiate that claim.

Her father complained asking for a little help with the luggage and Megan
chuckled as she helped her father with a few of the bags. "Did I bring to
much?" Megan asked her father who just smiled and wisely kept his mouth shut.
Megan however knew exactly what he wasn't saying and chuckled. Moments later
they all stood still to take in the moment where Megan stepped over the
threshold from childhood to adulthood by stepping over the brick line
underneath the gate.

After registering at one of the tables setup near the gate they all proceeded
to find the dorms. Megan hadn't met her new roommate for real, but they had
talked on the phone and she seemed like a nice girl. When they finally found
the building Megan's heart was racing and she couldn't believe she was actually
inside. Her eyes darted from spot to spot and just took it all in. There were
so many people there, all parents dropping off their kids. Mothers with tears
in their eyes and fathers doing their best to hide their emotions.

"This is it," Megan said as they reached room 314 and anxiously she stepped
inside her new room. There were two adults talking and they turned around when
Megan scraped her throat. "Hi, I'm Megan," she said, "I believe this is my room
too?"

From behind the two adults a girl popped up, her long red hair danced as she
jumped up and said "Megan? Finally! I'm Harmony, so pleased to finally meet
you." Her dress fluttered as she approached Megan with her had out. Megan shook
her hand and said "I believe this is my bed then?"

Monica blushed a little and said "Oh, I am so sorry. Did you want this side of
the room? I just assumed --"

"No, no, it's perfectly alright," Megan interrupted her, "I don't really care."

Saying goodbye to her parents had been harder on Megan than she had expected,
but it was time for them to go. As they were walking back to the car it was for
the first time Megan actually had to cry. Through her tears she waved until the
car turned the corner and disappeared out of sight. She took a deep breath,
dried her tears and walked back to the dorms.

The rest of the week was filled with introductions, some activities but mostly
just to get to know the college. For the first week it was just the freshmen,
but the rest joined them after that week. Harmony and Megan got to know each
other a little better and they seemed to click.

When classes finally started Megan had to really adjust to college life, it was
totally left up to her whether she followed classes or not. The pace was also
something she wasn't used to, but she did find a rhythm. A little harder was
finding a job though, it wasn't until the second semester she finally got to
work at a restaurant as a waitress. The best thing about working there was that
there were lots of students working there, so switching shifts wasn't that hard
to do when she needed to.

By the time she went home for Christmas she was totally adjusted to her new
life as a student and her mother could see how much she had grown. The day
after Megan had come home she was doing her own laundry when her mother walked
in the pantry. "I was wondering where you were," her mother had said smiling
when she noticed what Megan was doing. "Oh dear," she said, "You don't have to
do that. Here let me do it, you just sit down and relax." Her mother was so
happy to have her daughter back home and Megan just raised her hands, chuckling
as she retreated from the pantry.

Although it had been nice to be home again Megan couldn't wait to get back to
college. She was missing the freedom she had in college and she felt the
restrictiveness of her parents rules for the first time in her life. The past
few months she had made her own rules and she knew too well Harmony had played
a major part in it. Where Megan parents had been strict, Harmony was raised in
a more _liberal_ household.

"When my father passed away," she had said, "My mother was devastated and I had
to step up to help her. Maybe that's why we are so close now. It wasn't easy
for me when she met my stepdad. I made it very hard on him, but he persisted
and when he asked me for permission to marry my mother I couldn't have been
more proud to say yes. I was there when he proposed. It was so romantic."

"Do you call him dad or just with his name?" I asked her.

"I call him dad now," she said, "He's been there for me ever since I was
fourteen years old. He's my dad in every sense of the word but for biology. And
I truly believe my real dad gave his blessings when they got married. It was a
very rainy day, but when the ceremony started the sun came out. It was like he
made sure they could get married outside as they wanted."

The first year flew by and Megan passed with good grades. But more than
anything she was proud to call Harmony her best friend by then. They had shared
hard times that year. Moments Harmony wanted to quit and go home as well as
moments where Megan felt the same way. They had supported each other and
battled through those hard times. Many nights were spent just talking and Megan
had told her some things she hadn't told a soul before, like about that time
when she was just sixteen and a man had tried to rape her.

"Why didn't you tell your parents?" Harmony had asked.

"Oh, I wouldn't be allowed out of that room ever again," Megan responded, "My
mother would have an heart attack. And it wasn't like he actually got his way
with me, I fought him off and some guy who saw us punched his face. He dragged
me out of that creeps arms and we both ran away."

"Didn't you go to the police?"

"No, that would mean my parents would know about it and I just couldn't do that
to them. They might seem open and liberal, but they aren't. When my mother had
to tell me about the birds and the bees it took her a total off two minutes and
we never talked about it again. Ever. I had to find out about precautions in
school and had to beg my mother to get me on the pill. She just didn't want to
hear about it. I don't really understand why."

"Wow, my mother couldn't wait to make an appointment," Harmony said, "I felt so
embarrassed that day. There I was sitting across from that old man and my
mother was talking about something really personal. I was just thirteen at that
time and there my mother was talking about sex like it was the most normal
thing to do."

"I don't think I would have a problem with that," I responded, "But I don't
know for sure. I just wish my parents had been more open about it all. Maybe
then the first time wouldn't have been so awkward."

Harmony's eyes lit up and said "Oh, please tell me. I remember my first time
like it was yesterday."

I blushed and said "Oh no, I couldn't. It's just to -- intimate. I don't feel
comfortable talking about that. Let's just leave it at we both didn't know what
we were doing, okay?"

"Okay," she replied, "but you will have to tell me sometime."

When summer break was over Megan couldn't have been more relieved to go back,
she had been working at her father's company for most of the time earning a few
bucks for the first few weeks of college. As she was part of the welcoming 
committee she was allowed to come back early. During the day she had meetings
and prepared for the wave of new students to arrive. She just couldn't believe
it had already been a year since she first stepped into college life.

It was the third night and everything was quiet in the dorms. From all the
students there were just 30 back and they were all scattered across the rooms.
On her floor there was just one other student and his room was all the way on
the other side. The clock showed eleven as Megan stood next to the coffee
machine to get herself the only thing that was drinkable from it: a latte. As
she threw in the quarter and pressed the buttons she looked to her left as the
boy walked in the shared room they all called _the living room_.

"Oh hi," he said a little startled. Megan noticed his handsome looks and felt
herself blush a little. "I'm Brodie, you're on the welcoming committee too?"
Megan just nodded. She had never felt comfortable talking to boys, she didn't
really know why but she always had. She watched him get something from the
machine too and as he turned around his arm scraped her left breast. As soon as
she felt that she took a step back, but didn't say anything. Feeling his arm
touch her had sent shivers up and down her spine and she had to compose
herself.

With a fresh cup of coffee in his hands he turned around, nodded and walked
back to his room. Megan followed him with her eyes and couldn't help staring at
his butt as he walked down the hall. Megan shook her head before she turned
around to go back to her room. The halls were situated in a 90 degree angle of
each other, both of them ending in the living room. As Megan walked back she
smiled and placed her hand on the spot where he had touched her. At that moment
she had wished he had touched her again, something she couldn't quite place.

Introduction week went without a hitch, Megan had the best time introducing the
freshmen to the college grounds. It had been her job to make sure they got
their student cards, something Megan really liked to do as she got to talk to
the new students. As far as she knew they liked it too.

During the weekend Harmony arrived too and together they went out for pizza
just outside the gates. It was a popular place amongst all the students. The
restaurant Megan had been working had gone bust during the summer and she was
out of a job, so she started looking for a new one. The only thing she could
get was as a waitress at _Boobies_, a bar where the girl wore a tight tank top
with a low cut and a pair of hotpants. The first night Megan worked there she
felt rather uncomfortable, but that soon enough faded away.


