# Coming Clean
_an erotic tale by Transgirl_

## My First Post
Although I am writing this down I don't want to hurt anybody close to me, so
I've changed names, locations and made it into a fiction, but the core is true,
all if it is true. The reason I'm writing this is that I feel the need to do
so, I can't hold it in anymore, I need to share. On the other hand I am so
scared to do so.

It's been almost three months now since I discovered this community and I've
been lurking for all that time, taking in the stories, the photos and later
even the videos you all shared. Now it's my turn but I'm still a little afraid
to do so and that's the main reason I changed the names and locations. I hope
you understand.

I don't know how much I will share or if I will ever disclose my true identity,
it's all up for grabs for now. Although my parents are rather liberal I don't
know how they would take all of this, it might be far to extreme for them to
handle and I'm not ready for them to know all of it.

I know this all is very cryptic for now, but I'm still not sure whether I'm
really ready to tell my story. I thought I was, but the more I write the more
anxious I get. I think that will be it for now, I will be back to tell more
when I'm ready to do so.

Until then I will read your stories, watch your videos and comment on them,
when I'm more at ease in this community I might post some more, until then just
know that I love you.

## Back again
I've been on here for a few months now and I got some nice responses on my
posts making me feel more open to share, more secure that this is a safe space
for me to share. So lets just get it started.

It all started for me when I was about thirteen. I have an older brother and I
caught him hiding one of those magazines with naked girls in it. He didn't know
that I saw him hide it. I was intrigued why he did that so one afternoon when I
got home before him I sneaked into his room and found the magazine. I gasped
when I saw the photos in it. This wasn't just a _glamour_ magazine, it was way
more explicit than that. The girls were so beautiful though and they seemed to
like being photographed like that. I was mesmerized and went from one page to
the other until I heard the front door open and close. I quickly put it back
where I had found it and rushed to my own room.

For the next few days I couldn't get those images out of my head and for fun I
posed like them on my bed, acting like someone was taking photos of me. Being
thirteen I had no idea how something like that would go, all I knew is that I
felt exhilarated by the idea. As I was just thirteen I didn't have a cell phone
yet nor a digital camera so making real photos was out of the question.

One evening our parents were out for dinner like they did at least once a
month, date night they called it. My brother was in his room playing some video
game, I was in my room and a little bored. Being a little tech savvy I head
learned how to disable the parental control software my father had installed on
my computer and I scoured the internet for _magazines with naked girls_. I got
a lot of results, but for the good ones I had to disable Safe Search. I clasped
a hand over my mouth when I saw the results, so many girls.

I browsed the results for a while, constantly looking over my shoulders
expecting my brother to burst into the room. I adjusted the search to just
_naked girls_ and got even more results. All the sites had a warning that it
was illegal to enter if you were younger than 18 and I didn't dare to bypass
that warning as I was sure they would find out who I was. The images I got by
just searching Google were good enough for me.

A few days later I was in the mall with my friends and I told them I needed a
new thumb drive, which wasn't a total lie I just didn't tell them why I needed
it. There was a sale where I could get two for the price of one and I got two
pink ones. That way I knew for sure my brother wouldn't steal them, he didn't
want to get seen with anything pink. "I'm a man," he always said, "pink is for
girls."

When I got home my mother asked me if I had gotten everything I needed for
school and I showed her what I had gotten, including one pink thumb drive. The
other one was in my purse. That evening I sat in my room again, looking at
those girls again. This time I downloaded photos I liked and stored them on the
secret thumb drive. After doing that for a few minutes I wanted to try
something so I searched for _girls with big breasts_ and got so many results I
was baffled. One of them was for a private hospital that offered breast
enlargements and I started to read what they offered.

To keep track of all the sites I found I created a new document where I copied
all the addresses to, together with a short description of the site. I spend a
few days if not weeks compiling a comprehensive list of sites and one think led
to another. From just searching for naked girls I entered porn sites and
watched some videos. The best ones to me were the ones people had made at home.

All that I did in secret, I didn't want anybody to know what I did. Even though
it was exhilarating to me, I was ashamed of it too. I knew all too well I
shouldn't be on those sites, I was just a thirteen year old kid. Maybe that was
the main attraction to me, it was so illegal what I did but I just couldn't
stop anymore. I had gone down the rabbit hole and wanted to see where it led.

That's how it all started for me, next time I might tell you about how it
escalated and how close I got to being caught. Until then know that I love you.

## Going through changes
For my fourteenth birthday I asked for a cell phone as all my friends already
had one. "It's for safety," I said, "If I get out of school early I have to ask
somebody to call you, with a cell phone I can call you myself. And what if I'm
at the mall and something happens? With a cell phone I can call either one of
you." My parents were reluctant but obliged but on my birthday they gave me my
mothers old phone, it wasn't the latest model but I really didn't care. It was
a cellphone and exactly the one I wanted.

They had their demands like always having access to it, knowing my pin code and
stuff, but I didn't care that much about that. Although I didn't like it I knew
they just wanted to protect me. "If the bill gets too expensive," my father
said, "I fully expect you to work for it. Agreed?" Again I nodded and although
it was just second hand to me it was the biggest gift they had ever given me.
And I didn't worry about the bill, most of my friends were chatting through
apps anyway.

Until my family arrived I was playing with my phone, changing the background,
icons, you know to make it a little more me. I installed the chat app and when
my best friend came she added me to the group of friends. They all were elated
I finally had a cell phone too.

Marisha, my best friend, showed me some more apps I could install. "This is
such a fun game," she said, "All you have to do is click the rows of three of
more candies. I'm on level 31 already, it's so much fun." When the other guests
arrived it was already hard to put the phone away.

Marisha had created a group for just the two of us and that evening we were
chatting away in it. We talked about anything, mostly non-important things as
we both knew our parents could check our texts at any moment they wanted. But
it did feel good to be able to talk to her without being scared anybody could
hear me, it made me feel a little more comfortable.

It wasn't until a few months later when I was home alone for a few hours that I
took my first sexy selfie. I had just come out of the shower and was just
wearing my underwear. I arced my back to make my breasts look a little bigger,
to no avail. I was fourteen and still as flat as a wall. Marisha kept telling
me that it was okay, but I didn't feel that way. All my friends had something
to show for and there I was almost flat chested if not for those two very small
mounds on my chest. I dreamed about having big full breasts like the girls I
had seen on the internet.

One day I took one of my mothers bras out of the hamper, filled them with socks
and put on a shirt. You could clearly see all the lumps from the socks but it
did make me feel better seeing myself in the mirror that way. I became
self conscious about it and got depressed, something that was perfectly normal
my mother said when I talked to her about it. "Your body is going through
changes," she said, "Hormones are raging through your blood and your body needs
to adjust. I felt just like you back then. I promise you it will pass, it will
all be okay."

"But mom," I said almost crying, "Marisha already has breasts and so does
Ashley, why are mine still so small?"

"Oh Laura," she said as she hugged me, "breasts come in all sizes and shapes,
they are all just as beautiful. And don't worry about it, I was late too, so
was grandma. They will grow eventually, just be patient. Now we are talking
about this, there is something I need to talk to you about. I've been dreading
this moment, but let's just get it over with."

We laid down on my bed, me in her arms, my head resting on her chest. That's
how she gave me _the talk_, I could hear that she didn't find it easy. "Laura,
you learned about sex in school right?" she started carefully.

"Yes," I replied, "That's when a man and a woman decide to have babies."

"That's true," she said, "But not always. Humans are one of the few species
that have sex for fun too, it makes us feel good. Things with adrenaline and
dopamine and stuff, but that's not important. What is important is this and
please be honest with me, I won't get mad. Did you have sex already?"

"Mom!" I shouted and stumped her arm with my fist, "No! Ewe, no!"

"Oh, you don't know how happy you made me to hear that," she said with a sigh
of relieve, "But we need to do something important." She looked at me and said
"I love you so much and would do anything to protect you, you know that right?"
I nodded and she continued "So, we are going to see the doctor and we'll get
you a prescription for the pill. It's just a precaution so you don't get
pregnant, you'll never know what can happen and we wouldn't want to have a
baby now, do we?"

I shook my head and said "Is it true that it helps with my period too? It's so
painful sometimes."

"Yes honey," she replied, "It helps with that too. So don't be embarrassed when
we go. Dr Shortwell is a woman too so she will understand, okay?" I nodded, but
could feel the butterflies in my belly. I had never done anything like this
before in my life.

"Mom?" I said softly, "Does daddy know?"

"Yes," she said, "I talked to him about it and he agrees with me. This is for
the best honey. Better safe than sorry, right? Now it's very important that you
listen to me, okay? The pill isn't 100% safe, there still can be accidents so
you will have to take more precautions when you decide that you're ready. There
is a box in de medicine cabinet, a small wooden box. In it there are condoms,
if you ever need one they are there for you, okay? We don't count them, we just
check if we need to get new ones. We both understand you're of that age, we
both were of that age once, so feel free to take one whenever you need one."

"Mom!" I blushed and giggled, "Don't be so weird."

"Oh honey," she laughed, "You don't know how weird I can be."

My parents weren't open minded or anything, just a little more liberal than
other parents maybe. Despite all of that I didn't feel safe enough to tell them
everything that went on inside my head. I sure as hell didn't tell them I liked
both boys and girls, I might have been young but that's one thing I was sure
about.

Oh my, it's late already, totally lost track off time. I need to go to sleep,
thank you so much for all your kind words and making me feel safe. As always I
love all of you.

## The First One
It's been a few weeks since I last posted or even been on here, there's a lot
going on in my life and this is the first evening I have a little time. Maybe I
will tell you all about it later, first I need to continue with my story.

It had been a few months since that talk and I had started to take selfies of
myself topless, every Friday in the shower. I stood on roughly the same spot
every Friday and held mostly the same pose. If you looked closely enough you
could see my breasts getting a little bigger in every photo. As soon as I was
back in my room I uploaded the photo to my laptop and deleted it from my phone.
I didn't want my parents to find them or even worse someone else.

The only one who knew was Marisha as she had given me the idea. I had created a
separate folder on that thumb drive where I collected all the _Friday Photos_.
I had quite few by then and could see the girls getting a little bigger as time
went by. Seeing them grow did make me feel a little better, but still they
weren't the size I wanted them to be.

After doing all of that I threw on a summer dress, flipflops and opened my
door. From the corner of my eyes I could see the bathroom door was ajar, open
enough to see my brother standing in front of the mirror shaving. I gasped
softly when I saw he was naked, I turned my head away quickly as I was sure he
had seen me. I duck away and carefully peeked around the corner. My eyes went
down his muscular body, playing football had done wonders for him. When my
stare crossed what was hanging from his body I had to put my hand against my
mouth to not make a noise. I kept staring at his flaccid penis swaying a little
with every move he made.

To not raise suspicion I sneaked back into my room, stepped out again, slammed
my door and shouted "Ewe, Bryce! Close that door! I don't want to see you in
there!"

"Oh sorry," he said and with a slam he closed the bathroom door. For the rest
of the day I could see his sausage whenever I closed my eyes, it had been a lot
bigger than I had expected it to be. That evening was the first time I
fantasized about playing with it, wondering how big it would get if it would
grow harder and harder. I giggled softly when I felt myself get moist between
my legs and for the first time I really played with myself. Sure I had been
exploring before, but I had no clue what I was doing. This time felt different,
this time felt more real somehow.

When I slid a finger inside myself I panted softly "Oh yes Bryce, yes push your
fingers inside your little sister." I felt a rush come over me, my whole body
tensed up and I started to shake. I felt like I was fainting, then all of a
sudden a release I had never felt before. Unbeknownst to me I had experienced
my very first orgasm. It had startled me and I was scared something was wrong
with me, so I ran into the bathroom to clean myself. Flushing the toilet to
give the impression why I had gone in there.

After that night many more followed, every night I fantasized about Bryce being
with me, pushing his stick inside me and very softly I would pant "Oh yes
brother, fuck your little sister. Make me a slut, a whore." I just repeated
what I had heard in those videos I had seen on the internet, not really
grasping what I was saying. Sure I had heard that it was wrong, but it was so
exciting to fantasize about my brother taking my virginity.

Every time I saw my brother during the day I felt myself getting excited,
butterflies in my belly and I knew that I had to do something, something
drastic and it was two weeks after my fifteenth birthday an opportunity showed
itself. We were home alone for a few hours as our parents had another
date-night. I was watching TV and my brother was in his room and for all I knew
he was playing a video game again. When I got bored I went upstairs and noticed
his door being slightly open, enough for me to peek inside.

I tiptoed over and leaned against the wall separating the landing from his
space and I peeked inside. In one hand he had one of those magazines of his, in
the other he was jerking his lid. It was so hard, so big I had to gasp. I
quickly leaned against the wall again, sure he had heard me and my heart was
racing. When I didn't hear anything I leaned over again, he hadn't heard me and
I felt an urge to go inside and feel that hard dick of his in my hand.

I took off my shoes and very quietly pushed the door further open, then I
slipped inside. "I can always say I wanted to scare him," I thought. With every
step I fully expected him to see me, before I knew it I was standing right next
to his bed. With my heart racing I slowly moved my hand towards his lid, he was
still slowly jerking it and with just my index finger out I went in for the
_kill_.

I softly touched it. He threw away his magazine, his eyes and mouth wide open,
releasing just a gasp. He clearly had been scared by my sudden touch. I
shushed him and just stared at him. I carefully placed my hand on his fully
erect penis and closed it around his now throbbing pole. "Shhh!", I shushed
him, "Don't say anything." I slowly moved my hand up and down and just stared
at this wonderful, huge penis in my hand. After a while I looked up at him
again. "Am I doing it right?" I whispered.

He just nodded, still recovering from the scare I had given him he whispered
"What are you doing?" I shushed him again and kept on jerking him, I couldn't
believe I was actually doing it. I Laura, fifteen years of age, was jerking my
own brother and I loved it. I gestured him to move over and I crawled on his
bed, laid down next to him and took his lid in my hand again. I felt myself
getting moist and just stared into his eyes for a while.

"I've been dreaming of this," I whispered, "I'm ready. I think."

"Ready for what?" he asked softly.

"For you to take me," I replied, "I want you to be my first."

He had to clear his throat and said "You want me to be what?"

"My first," I replied softly, "I've been dreaming of this for so long."

I got off his bed and nervously undressed. Totally naked I crawled next to him
again. "I want you to take my virginity," I whispered, "Please?" I spread my
legs for him and with two fingers I opened my labia, then I slid them inside me
as I was holding his dick with my other hand. He raised up took off his shirt
and his pants that were already down his ankles. Now we both were fully naked.
He got up and took a towel from his hamper and placed it under me. "In the case
you bleed," he said.

"Bleed?" I said and I got a little scared.

"Yes," he said, "some girls bleed a little. It's perfectly normal. At least
that's what they told me in sex ed."

I spread my legs again and he got in between them. When I felt his cock against
my labia I got startled a little. Then he placed the tip against my fun hole,
slowly spreading my labia. "Careful," I whispered, "Please go slow." I could
hear the fear in my voice, but I was also very excited. It was finally going to
happen, I thought. He nodded and ever so slow he started pushing a little. I
could feel his tip entering me. "Careful!" I panted.

When his tip entered me I felt a sharp pain and told him to stop. He did and
rested there for a moment. The pain subsided slowly and when he asked me if it
was okay I nodded. He pushed on, ever so slow, every time I told him to stop he
did so I could adjust and wait for the pain to subside. All in all it took
almost twenty minutes before I felt his balls against my ass. He was all the
way inside me. He stared into my eyes and said "You're not a virgin anymore."

I giggled, mostly from nerves and feeling this hard cock inside me. Carefully I
placed my hands on his ass and told him to start moving "But slowly, it still
hurts a little." He kissed me and said "Don't worry." He slowly pulled out and
pushed in again, with every thrust the pain resided and was replaced with
something good. After a few minutes he went faster and faster, I thought I was
going crazy and all of a sudden I felt my muscles contract, my body shake as an
orgasm rolled through my body.

After I calmed down I could feel his cock even more, every throb, every pulse
and he started moving again. "I want you to come inside me," I whispered, "I
want it all the way. Please come inside me." He seemed a little confused until
I said "Don't worry, I'm on the pill. I've been for years now." He relaxed a
little more and went faster. "Oh yes," I panted, "I love it. Fuck me brother,
fuck your little sister. I'm such a whore, such a slut and I love it."

With a loud groan he exploded deep inside me. "Oh yes," I panted, "Give it to
me. Oh yes, yes, yes, I'm coming again. I'm coming all over your cock." When he
was done he sagged down on top of me and I could hear his deep breathing. We
laid like that for a minute or two when he rolled down next to me.

"I would never have thought," he whispered.

I smiled and said "Neither did I. I fantasized about this, but this was way
better."

"We can't do this again," he said, "This is so wrong and we can't tell mom and
dad. This has to be our secret, don't tell anyone. Not only is it incest, but
I'm 18 now and it's statuary rape. I can go to jail for this."

"Don't worry," I said, "This is our secret. Thank you for doing this, I'm going
to take a shower now and clean up."

That night around two I head my door open, my brother was sneaking in. He
closed the door and sneaked into my bed. Within minutes he was inside me again
and we had sex as quiet as we could as our parents were sleeping mere feet from
us. We started to have sex almost every single day. The most exciting was when
he pushed his hard cock inside me when we were in the kitchen, our parents were
sitting outside and if they looked through the window they could have seen us.

I was so lucky to not get pregnant as we did it mostly without condoms and he
did come inside me quite a few times. By the time I turned sixteen not only did
I have sex with my brother on a regular basis, my breasts had grown to a full
B-cup and still weren't big enough for my taste. But at least I wasn't flat
chested anymore.

## Passed around

