# Confessions

## Chapter One
Three days. Three days was all it took for me to open up the website my best
friend had suggested to me. We had gone out that night and in what can only be
called a flash of insanity I told her something I shouldn't have. Something I
had kept a secret for so long and now it was out there in the open, now I had
to trust her not to tell anyone and trusting someone wasn't the easiest thing
for me to do. 

Ever since I had been bullied in high school making friends was hard for me, I
had built a wall around me and the friendships I did have were mostly
superficial, I just didn't dare to let people get any closer than that. Until I
met Marisha that is, she didn't go away. No matter how hard I pushed her, she
kept coming back. Brick by brick she tore that wall down and now I have told
her my biggest secret, I had let her in and that scared me so much I hardly
slept that night.

It was around noon that Saturday as I sat down in my kitchen with my laptop
open in front of me. _Confessions_ the site was called and I stared at the
registration form for almost half an hour. Did I dare? Sure, the site offered
anonymity but still, as an IT consultant I knew it was an empty promise.
Anybody on the internet could be found and unmasked and right at that moment I
cursed my knowledge of how the internet worked. I just sat there, staring at
that screen not touching the keyboard. I shook my head, closed my laptop and
just walked away. "I should never have told her," I told myself, "I've made a
big mistake. What will she think of me now?" The longer I sat on my couch
feeling the warmth of the sun on my skin, the worse the while situation became
in my head. I was entering a downward spiral, one I had visited multiple times
before in my life and I knew where it would end. I had just lost another
_friend_, I had finally succeeded in pushing her away too.

As I sat there the sudden ringing of my phone startled me. On the screen I
could see it was Marisha calling me and I contemplated whether to pick up for a
second or two. "Hi," I said softly.

"Hey there," Marisha sounded cheerful, "It's such a nice day. Wanna go for a
cup of coffee?"

"I don't know," I responded still feeling rather down.

"What's wrong?"

"Nothing."

"Oh no. I can hear something's up. Okay, I will be there in ten minutes. See
you later, okay?"

She hung up before I could say anything and a panic took hold of me. She's
coming here? Now? What am I to say to her? I could just go outside so I won't
be home when she gets here. I dismissed that option as soon as it entered my
head. No, it's time to just take a stand. If she doesn't like what I told her
than it's her problem not mine. It's not that I have actually acted upon what I
had told her, all it was was a fantasy I shared with her.

The doorbell startled me once more and immediately I got really anxious. What
will happen now? How will she respond? Is she coming around to tell me she
doesn't want to be friends anymore? All kinds of thoughts went through my head
and I realized that I didn't want to loose her. I had never had a friend like
her in my life and somehow deep inside me I wanted her friendship. The few
minutes between ringing my doorbell and actually getting to my apartment were
excruciating, it seemed to last forever for her to get there. A knock on my
door told me she had arrived and I opened the door.

"So," she said as she stepped inside, "What's going on?"

"Nothing," I tried once more.

"Don't lie to me. I know you by now and you're not telling me something."

I sat down on my couch and said "I shouldn't have told you that last night."

"What are you getting at? Not tell me what?"

"That thing I told you. The fantasy..."

She laughed and said "You're upset about that? Oh my God Laura! I don't care
about that. Did you really think..." She sat down next to me, took my hand and
said "No Laura! I really don't care. I was happy that you trusted me when you
said that. I was a bit blown away that you, off all people, would open up to me
like that. That was what got to me and to be honest when I got home and
realized what had happened it made me cry. I'm your friend Laura and your
secret is safe with me."

"Do you mean that? I've been betrayed before..."

"That might be so. But I am not those people. I don't want to hurt you, quite
the opposite. I want you to be happy and I can see that you're not happy right
now, not really. Sure you have a nice apartment, a nice job and a good friend
in me, but you need more. That's why I suggested that site. It's a place where
you can explore that side of you, check if that is something that could make
you happy, make you feel fulfilled."

"It just isn't so easy for me," I replied, "I've kept it a secret for so long,
nobody knew. I haven't done anything with it, not in real life that is. I've
fantasized about it, thought about it and now you want me to tell some random
people on the internet? I can't do that. What if they trace me? What if they
find out who I really am?"

"So what? It's not that it's against the law or something? It's not that you
are hurting people. Look Laura, as long as what you do is between two or more
consenting adults, there's nothing wrong with it."

"So you don't think I'm a freak."

"A freak? No! It that makes someone a freak then I am one too."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, fair is fair. You've told me yours so here's mine. You know I love Matt,
right? I love him till the end of time and I would die for him, you know that
right? Well, sometimes when we have sex I imagine him to be someone else."

"What?"

"Yep."

"Who?"

"Oh, all kinds of people. You know that guy from the bar we saw the other
night? Well, I've dreamed of him. Or that guy from the gym?"

"Liam?"

"Yep, Liam."

"While you're having sex with Matt?"

"Yep. And he knows it too. We're even thinking about doing it for real."

"Doing what for real?"

"Me having sex with another man."

"What?! Really?"

"Yes, Matt knows I need more than he can give me and the other day he, for the
first time I might add, said as much. We're still not quite there yet, but I
have a good feeling we might real soon."

"Wow. I would never have thought."

"See? Now you know my secret too. There are just two people who know right now,
Matt and you. So I trust you with it just as you trusted me. Okay?"

"Thank you. I just didn't know what to do. I've been betrayed so many times,
hurt so many times that it's very difficult for me to trust anyone."

"Well, let me proof then that you can trust me. Now, enough of this I really
need a latte. You coming?"

"Give me ten minutes..."

After getting a coffee we spent the rest of the day together, went shopping,
got something to eat at our favorite restaurant and even went to see a movie
that evening. That day she showed me what a good friend she was and that I
could really trust her with anything. During dinner we even talked more about
her fantasy after she said "Wow, that waiter? I wouldn't mind waking up next to
him one bit." I had burst into laughter, I had never had a friend like her
before, someone I could openly talk about things like that.

I could never talk about the subject. _The_ talk my mother gave me when I got
my first period lasted for a full three minutes and it was never talked about
ever again. Combined with the bullying in high school I really never had
learned to talk with someone about my feelings, about what made me tick. It all
resulted in me having my very first boyfriend in college and losing my
virginity to him at the age of 21. At the same time ever since I had heard
about sex and got curious I had this fantasy and as time went on that fantasy
got stronger and stronger, bigger and more extreme. I felt so ashamed of it I
never told anyone. When finally after a relationship of almost a year we broke
up that distance I had kept between us was the main reason he gave as the
reason why.

I was heartbroken, felt betrayed, especially when he started telling people
things I had told him in confidence. For the rest of my time there I didn't
have any friends and told myself I didn't care. I was simply there to get my
degree, not to make friends. I was alone, felt lonely and fled into my books.
Sure I graduated with flying colors because of it and moved out of that dorm as
quickly as I could. Moved away a thousand miles to start working at the company
that offered me a good job and told myself it was all for the best. I told
myself I would just go to work and become a career woman.

Something I hadn't counted on was meeting Marisha. We both went to the same
bistro to get our morning coffee. After about three weeks she was the first one
to greet me and said "We have to stop meeting like this." and it made me laugh.
She stuck out her hand "I'm Marisha." I told her my name and ever since that
moment we became friends. From having lunch together once a week it slowly grew
into something more, deeper until we were at the moment I told her my secret.
When I told my parents about her they couldn't have been happier for me.

"Finally," my mother said, "a real friend. Cherish her."

"Yes, mom. I will."

All in all it took about six months to get to the place we were at the time.
Six months of her chipping away at that wall I had built around me. And now
finally I trusted her, I can't even describe how that felt for me. That
Saturday we spent shopping, just being friends made me think that maybe I
should join that site, maybe I should open up to some strangers on the
internet. What was the worst that could happen? Some people I didn't know would
think I was a freak? Who cared? I've been humiliated by people I thought were
my friends before, so what did I care about what some random person on the
internet thought of me?

That evening around nine I sat down at my laptop once again and this time I
registered an account. Not to post anything yet, just to see what it was all
about, just to explore a little. I read one story after the other, looked at
photos and even a video or two and when I looked at the clock on the wall in
front of me I was amazed it was already past midnight. Three hours had passed
like a second and with a feeling of euphoria I closed the site and my laptop. I
couldn't believe I had spent so much time on that site. I got myself a glass of
water, took a shower before I went to bed.

The next morning as I was making myself a cup of coffee I looked at my laptop
still laying on the dining table. With a fresh brew I sat down again and
returned to the scene of the crime, so to say. I started reading again. Stories
of people talking about their fantasies and how they made them come true. One
woman talked about how she had dreamed about being with a black man, how she
had finally told her husband about it. They had first started fantasizing
together, then he surprised her with black dildos and finally he invited a
friend over for her birthday. "A birthday I will never forget," she said, "A
birthday I found my stud. I have sex with him three times a week, but I make
love to just one. I make love with the man I married ten years ago. Now I
understand the difference between the two."

I had never thought about it that way. To me the act had always been two people
who loved each other, that was the way I was raised. Now all these people on
this site said there was a difference and I couldn't wrap my head around it.
These people were talking about the thing Marisha had talked about. This was
what she had been fantasizing about and I just could not believe how many
people had the same fantasy as her. On top of that they were talking about it
as if it was the most normal thing. No one on that site judged anyone, they
were talking about it so freely and reading all those stories and the responses
to those stories made me feel more comfortable about sharing mine.

All in all it took me over three months before I sat down at my laptop once
again and started typing.

_Hello, I'm Nighthawk and I have a confession too. I'm a 29 year old woman and
I don't have a lot of experience. I was bullied in high school and it's not
easy for me to make friends. I just have one in the whole wide world and for
the first time I fully trust someone. I've tried trusting before and every
single time they betrayed me, but not M. No, she hasn't betrayed me and I start
to believe she never will. It was her actually that suggested this site to me
and I've been a member now for a few months. Reading your stories, the way you
respond and everything else slowly made me feel comfortable enough to post
this, but as I am writing this I feel the anxiety rise inside me and I don't
think I'm ready yet. So please forgive me, I will just stop now and leave it at
a simple hello. Thanks._

I read it over and over again, with my heart racing I stared at the mouse
cursor hovering the _Post_ button. With one click, the page refreshed and my
first post was visible for anyone to read. I closed the site and my laptop as
if I ran away and I got myself another cup of coffee. My eyes fell on the clock
on the oven and gasped when I saw it was noon already. I had sat down around
nine that morning. Another three hours had passed and all I had done was read
some stories and placed my very first post on that site. "It's so addicting," I
thought, "I should stop going there."

As I sat on my couch, smelling the fresh brewed coffee in my hands I looked
outside and felt the need to go outside. Twenty minutes later I finished my
coffee which had gone cold by then, grabbed my purse and got into my car. I
drove about an hour to the nature reserve just outside of town. I had walked
the trails there many times before and the silence, the feeling of being alone
in the world was something I really liked. After walking for about an hour I
found myself at the edge of the forest where the desert began. The sun was
blazing and I sat down underneath a big old tree.

The birds were chirping and in the distance a falcon was hunting it's prey. It
was all just so peaceful out there. The utter silence around me, the fast
desert in front of me made me think about the advise I had read on that site.
"Take it slow," one had written, "Don't take too much risk and above all trust
your instincts. If it doesn't feel right, don't do it."

"Explore," another person had said, "If you don't it will only keep haunting
you. Only when you try it you will know whether it's something you want to keep
doing or not."

I looked around to see if I really was the only person there and as this was
one of the farthest points on the trails there was a very good possibility no
one would come for the rest of the day. My heart started beating faster, a
smile appeared on my face and just as I was about to act I thought better of
it. I got up, grabbed my stuff and kept on walking. Just another half an hour
until the shelter which was in the middle of nowhere, halfway through the
desert. Only the well trained got to reach that point and I had tried multiple
times to get there and failed. This time was going to be different however,
this time I wanted to get there. I had no choice either, my water was almost
gone and the only source of fresh water I knew was at that shelter. Going back
now was just not an option.

I was tired, hot and so happy to see that wooden building in the distance. From
one second to the other it suddenly appeared. I could hold back a loud cheer
and with renewed confidence I made the last mile to it. With a creak I opened
the door and despite being in the sun all day it was surprisingly cool inside.
I filled my water bottle at the small sink and drank a full glass to cleanse my
thirst. My eyes fell on the small table next to the door and the book laying on
top of it. I read the entries of all the people who had gotten there before me
and I entered mine as well.

_It took me a couple of tries, but I finally made it too. I feel so happy now,
feel like I can do anything. Laura._

I laid down on the small cot for a while just to rest. Feeling warm still I
took off my shirt, followed by my pants. I laid there in my underwear for a
while before I removed those too. A sudden urge came over me and I stared at
the door for a while. What if someone came in? I couldn't lock it and there I
was totally naked. The excitement I felt made me smile. Would I dare? Should I
do it? Before I fully realized what I was doing I had my hand on the knob of
the door and stepped outside. The sun was still up and the light breeze felt so
wonderful on my skin. I took another few steps and then some more. In the end I
walked around the shelter a few times before I rushed back inside and got
dressed again. The elation made me giggle and I felt a sense of accomplishment.

Although I had been far, far away from anyone seeing me I had finally taken my
first step to fulfilling my fantasy. Still smiling I grabbed my stuff and
started the track back to civilization. As I was walking back I couldn't shake
that feeling I had and just before I went back into the forest I stopped, took
off my shirt and my bra, put them in my backpack and continued walking topless.
I wanted, no needed to try and walk as far as I dared to do. Feeling my breasts
sway in the open air like that excited me and I felt myself getting wet. Just
knowing anyone could see me like this was more than I could take and I hid in a
dark spot, put my shirt back on before I continued walking.

About a minute later a man walked towards me on the same trail. I felt such a
relieve that I had put my shirt back on when I had because there would have
been nowhere for me to go. I nodded as we passed and he smiled calling for his
dog to follow. A yellow lab appeared from the bushes, happily barking at me as
it ran towards it's owner. About three minutes later I sat down in my car,
feeling really happy. I had done it! It felt like a victory to me and I knew I
wanted to do it again.

Two weeks later I was at that shelter once again. This time however I had
prepared and gotten an early start. I reached the shelter around noon and after
eating a small lunch I stepped outside naked again. This time I just took my
time and feeling the sun on my bare skin made me feel so good. After being
there for an hour or two I got my phone from my backpack and placed it on the
table outside the shelter. I set the photo app and posed for a few photos of
myself standing totally naked in that desert. I wanted some proof that I had
actually done it. By the time the sun was going down I started the walk back to
the car. My shirt and my pants dangling from my backpack I walked the most of
the track back in just my thong. It was almost dark when I reached the
parking lot and my car was the only one there. I took a deep breath and
collected all my courage. Ten minutes later I sat down in my car still only
wearing my thong. I burst into laughter from the release of all that tension I
had felt building up to that moment.

Just before I left I put my shirt and pants back on and drove home. I had
reached another milestone. I had walked the trails almost naked and it felt so
good. That night when I got home I just had to tell someone, so I sat down at
my laptop and posted about it on the site.
