# Corruption
_an erotic tale by TransGirl_

## Disclaimer
This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to any person or event is purely
coincidental. This story takes place in a fictional world and thus any
inconsistencies with the real world are to be expected. This story may contain
scenes of cheating, incest, bestiality, bdsm, torture, lgbtq+ or sex with minors.
If you do not want to read any of those topics I recommend not reading any further.

## Chapter One
The day I met Marisha can be seen as one of the best or worst things that ever
happened in my life. It is a fact though that my life before I met her was dull
and uneventful. I had always been a shy child, didn't have many friends and
even online the friends I had could be counted with just one hand. A part of
being shy was not being able to talk about things inside. Even during the times
I had to cope with a lot I still kept a brave face and acted like nothing was
the matter. Not even my mother could make me open up, not that she didn't try.
It just wasn't easy for me, I felt ashamed like I was the only one feeling the
way I felt.

My father was in the army and because of that we moved around a lot, something
that didn't particularly help with my shyness. Just as I was getting used to my
new surroundings we had to move once again. With every change of town the time
it took for me to find my place seemed to get longer, or maybe it was just me
not willing to adjust because I knew it wasn't going to last. Therefor I had my
best friends online, at least they didn't change. No matter where I was in the
world I could always rely on them being there for me. Friends I only knew by
voice as we had made a pact to never use our webcams as we gamed. Ortix had
said "It adds to the mystery" and we all agreed.

My nickname online was DarkAngel72. I hated the added numbers, but what could
you do? "So you're moving once again, Dark?" Ortix asked.

"Yeah, we're moving to a city now. That's at least something I guess. I hate it
here. All we have is the diner and that stupid movie theater."

"Ah, but at least you will still have us," he replied.

"Yeah, it's just that I can't seem to make friends IRL. It's just --"

"Don't we all," he interrupted, "But hey, maybe this time it will be
different."

"Could be. My mom said my dad was getting a permanent station now. He got
promoted to captain and he will be running the base. So we will see."

"That would be nice, wouldn't it?"

"Yes it would. I just -- they made me so many promises until now. I don't know
what to think. If it's true than it would be great. Maybe I can finally have a
home again, a real home you know?"

"I get yah," I heard something in the background and then Ortix said "Oh sorry.
Gotta go. My mom is yelling for me to come to dinner. Talk to you later?"

"Sure, but I won't be online until after we've moved."

Three days later the moving company came to collect all our furniture and
everything else they had to load. The house we had lived in for almost three
years was almost empty after they left. My mother was in the kitchen packing
the last things we had to haul ourselves. As I walked up to her I could see a
tear rolling down her cheek. "Are you crying?" I asked her.

She turned towards me and said "It's nothing. I just loved it here, so
peaceful and quiet. It's just the small town girl inside me, I guess."

"Don't cry mom. We're going to a big city now. There's so much to do there, I
can't wait to hit the beach. And best of all it's almost always sunny!"

"Yeah, but that's what scares me too. It's just -- forget it, it's stupid. I
knew what I was getting myself into when I married your dad." I still
remembered the day my father introduced her to me. At first I totally didn't
accept her, I didn't need a new mother. She just let me be for a few days and
than sat down next to me on my bed. "I'm not trying to replace your mom. I
could never do that. Your mom was special and your father loved her, he still
does. I can see it in his eyes whenever he sees a photo of her, I totally
accept that. But you see, he loves me too. All I want to be is your friend and
I don't care what you call me. So for now just call me Linda and we will see
what the future brings. Okay?"

Three years later my father asked her to marry him and the best part of it all
was he asked my permission first. "I really love Linda," he said, "But I don't
want to do this without your permission. So, here it goes. Dear Laura, I've
shared my life with one of the best girls I've ever met. The last thing she
told me was to be happy again, to find someone I could grow old with. Your
mother was the best thing that ever happened to me until the day I held you in
my arms for the first time. Now I've met another person I want to have in my
life, to grow old with. So I would ask your permission to ask Linda to marry
me. What do you say?"

I was quiet for a moment, acted like I was thinking about it and then said
"Dad, can I be there when you do? Because that's my only demand."

"Of course you can. Wait a minute? Did you just say yes?"

I nodded and we hugged. "Maybe we can surprise her together. Think of a plan to
surprise her."

"That's an excellent idea. So what will we do?" he replied.

Three weeks later I ran into the house and told Linda to come with me. "What's
wrong? What's going on?" she said multiple times as I pulled her along. As we
reached the park on the base Linda cried when she saw her parents standing at
the entrance. "Linda," they said, "You've always been such a good girl to us
and we love you. Now we are here to see you take the next step on your
adventure. We love you." They handed her a rose and we walked on. A few feet
further along my grandparents stood there waiting for us.

"Linda," they said, "You make our son happy again and for that we are so
grateful. We love you." They handed her a rose too. We walked along the path,
her friends, her colleagues, her brother and sister and finally my dad. He
stood in the center of the park near the fountain. "Go on," I said, "Go to him,
_mom_" Her eyes grew big and her mouth fell open. "Did you just --" she started
but I pushed her towards my father. She walked up to him standing there in his
dress uniform surrounded my his friends.

"Linda," he said, "You make me so happy again. The way you accepted my daughter
as your own, they way you make me a better person. I love you so much." Linda
screamed when my father went down on one knee. "Linda Overby, will you give me
the honor of being your husband? Will you marry me?" All she could do was nod
and cry. My fathers friends shouted "She said YES! Hoorah!" We all cheered as
my father placed the ring on her finger, I had to cry too. They kissed and I
ran towards them.

Linda leaned over to my father and said "She called me mom!" I just looked up
and smiled. "Because you are my mom now. I have two moms, one in heaven and one
down here on earth. I'm just lucky that way." I was only twelve when that
happened, almost three years before the day we moved for the very last time.
During those three years we had to move another four times.

At first I could just attend schools on base, but from middle school onward I
had to go to schools outside the base. This time my new school would be the
largest I had ever gone to. I couldn't imagine how many kids there would be on
that school. The first day was always hell to me, I just didn't look up all
day. During lunch break I just sat down at a table in the back, hoping the day
would be over soon. As I sat there minding my own business a girl set down
across from me.

"New here?" she asked. I just nodded without looking up.

"Where do you come from?" I just kept quiet, wanting her to go away.

"Can you talk? I'm just trying to be friendly here."

"Yes, I can talk," I replied softly, "I'm just --"

"Shy? Yeah, I got that. I'm Marisha, what's your name?"

"Laura," I replied not looking at her.

"Laura," she repeated, "Nice name. So how come you're here now?"

"My dad is in the army," I replied, "We move around a lot."

"You do? Wow. I've never moved. Never been out of Port Verde even. So what do
you like to do?"

"Nothing," I replied, "I like games."

"You do? Me too! What do you like?"

"World of Warcraft mainly," for the first time I looked at her, "I'm in a guild
and we play every Wednesday."

"Warcraft? I love that game. I don't have a guild though," she said, "But I do
like it."

We had found something in common and we talked about the game for a while. The
next day she sat down with me once more and the day after that. For weeks we
spent our breaks together and she introduced me to some of her friends. I still
had my guard up and really didn't want to let anyone in, not just yet.

One of the boys asked one day "Hey Laura, ever heard of D&D?"

"No, what's that?"

"It's a game. Dungeons and Dragons. It's a board game, like WoW but better. You
can do anything you want, but the dice tell you whether you succeed or not. We
role play our characters, it's just the best."

"I can't say. Never played it before," I replied.

"You totally should," he said, "We play every Saturday over at my friends
place. He's the Dungeon master, you should come too. Marisha can show you where
it is."

"Oh I don't know Sam," she said, "We're in the middle of a campaign."

"Sure," Sam replied, "But she can watch, can't she? That way she can see if
it's something she'd like to do."

"Would you want to?" Marisha asked me.

"I don't know, maybe." I replied.

"That's settled than. This Saturday at eight. You both come." Sam jolted up,
"I'm going to tell Matt to expect the both of you."

When I told my mom about it she couldn't have been more excited. "Sure you can
go. It's good you're making friends, just don't be home late and always stay
with Marisha."

"I will," I said, "Marisha said Matt's parents always drop everybody off at
home when they get back."

"Oh, his parents aren't there?"

"No, but we're just playing the game. Marisha said they use that time to go to
dinner with just the two of them. Maybe you two could do the same while I'm
gone."

She smiled and said "That's actually a very good idea."

That first Saturday I was quite nervous, but they all welcomed me in their
midst and halfway through the game when we had a break I took Matt to aside. We
hatched a plan and when it was right Matt said "You are walking into Ashelheim,
a small village on the outskirts of a large lake. The rain is pouring down. In
the distance you hear a scuffle. 'That's right' you hear someone shout 'Give it
to her. Those creeps shouldn't be here at all'. What do you do?"

Travis, the biggest guy there said "I look over and what do I see?"

"You see a group of boys surrounding a small figure laying on the ground. They
seem to kick that person, throwing stones." Matt said.

"I run over and," Travis said in his normal voice before he changed to a deep
baritone, "Hey! Stop that! What are you doing?"

Matt continued "The boys look up and when they see that giant barbarian walking
up to them they shout 'Run!'"

"I walk over to the person on the ground, reach out and say 'Hey, you're okay
now.'"

The group got startled when I suddenly said "Who are you? What do you want from
me?"

They all cheered and Marisha said "I run up too," and in character she said
"Don't worry. We're not here to hurt you. Why were they kicking you?"

"I don't know," I replied, "Maybe it's because I'm blue."

"So Laura, please tell them what they see sitting on the ground before them."

I smiled and said "You see a small, blue halfling girl with black horns growing
out of her head. Her eyes are big and you can see she's been crying. She wears
simple robes. Hanging from her belt are a pouch on one side and a symbol on the
other. The symbol is an archway in a circle, in the archway you see a stairway
leading up to the sky." I changed my voice again and said "I don't know why. I
just came here to look for my father."

"And with that we end tonight's game," Matt said and we all screamed "No!"
Matt's parents arrived a few minutes later and asked if we had fun that night.
I walked up to his parents and introduced myself. "Nice to meet you Laura," his
mother said, "Are your parents coming here or should one of us drop you off."

"Oh, I was told you would drop us off. I live on the base." I said.

"On the base?" Matt's father interrupted.

"Yes, my father is in the army," I replied.

"And what is your father's name?" he asked.

"Captain Bailey."

"Captain Bailey? You are his daughter? Well, very nice to meet you Laura
Bailey. It seems your father is my boss, Lieutenant Mercer, at your service."
He saluted me and I just giggled.

"I'm not in the army sir," I replied, "Just my dad."

"Well, it would be my honor to escort you back to the base my lady," he replied
with a bow. Matt shouted from afar "Don't embarrass me dad!" and laughed. I
knew from that moment where Matt got his quirkiness from. Thirty minutes later
Matt's father dropped me off at home and insisted to bring me to the door. He
rang the doorbell and my father opened the door. "David? What brings you here?"
he said as soon as he saw us.

"A very good evening sir," David said, "It's my privilege to return your
daughter to you, sir. She's just had an adventure in the world my son creates
and I have to tell you I've never seen anyone as brave as her." David stood up
straight and saluted my father.

"At ease soldier," my father chuckled, "I'm not in uniform now." I slipped by
my father and watched how the two men shook hands. "Have a good night, David,"
my father said with a chuckle. "You too, Ryan." He waved at me and disappeared
into the night. My father turned to me and said "Well, it seems you had a nice
evening. How was it? Tell me everything."

We sat down in the living room and I told him all about the night. "It's so
wonderful dad. Matt has created this world we get to explore. Before I joined
they had to fight this dragon and every time they attacked they roll dice. If
they roll high enough their attack succeeds. When the dragon lost all it's
points it died, but not before one of the died too. Then Pike asked her godess
to spare her and she came back to life again. It was all just so great. Just
before the end they found a little girl being bullied and they saved her. They
were so surprised when I started talking in stead of Matt. Next Saturday we
will play again."

"I didn't get half of it," my father chuckled, "But it's good to see you're
having fun outside of the computer. If I had known the lieutenant was Matt's
father I would have been a little more at ease."

"I didn't know," I replied, "I mean they don't live on base. Why do we live on
base?"

"Only until we've found a good place to move to," my father replied, "I'm here
permanently and we are going house hunting real soon."

"Really? So we're getting a real home?"

"Yes," my father said, "we're getting a real home."

Four months later we moved into our new home, on the outskirts of town. Just a
few blocks from where Matt lived. 
