# Discovering Me
_an erotic tale by Transgirl_

## Chapter One
Seven years of marriage suddenly down the drain. Seven years of my life gone
forever. I still remember that day. It was sunny outside and I had a wonderful
day at work. Eager to get home as I was poised to tell him about the promotion
I just got. He was sitting in the living room, the way he looked at me sucked
all the joy I felt out of me. "We need to talk," he said and it was like the
earth opened up to swallow me whole. I instinctively knew what was coming. All
I heard was "I've met someone else", the best day turned into the worst in a
heartbeat.

I was in the darkest hole for weeks and if it hadn't been for my best friend
Marisha I might have done something really stupid. She had opened her home for
me, sat with me through the nights filled with tears, she listened and just was
there for me. "Maybe this is a good thing," she said one night, "You never
lived on your own. Never had time to find out who you really are." And she was
right. I had gone from living at home to living at a dorm with other people.
Right after graduation I got married. I had never lived alone. Suddenly I
realized I really didn't know who I was as I had always conformed to what other
people expected me to be.

At home I was the God fearing Christian girl, in college I was the rebel until
I met my ex. For him I became someone else all over again. I started to wear
the clothes he wanted me to wear. I was the chameleon just to please other
people. Now that I was alone it was the chasm in front of me that scared me. No
longer was there anyone to tell me who I was supposed to be. Marisha sure
wasn't going to tell me, she simply refused.

"What am I going to do?" I asked her

"What do you want to do?"

"I have no idea. I don't know."

"Then maybe you should find out. I'm not going to tell you. I will be there for
you whenever you need me. I will help you whenever I can. But I am not going to
tell you what to do, that needs to be your decision. I can only give you
alternatives."

"I am so scared of what is to come," I said, "I just don't know."

"And that's what makes life interesting," Marisha replied, "Not knowing is
exciting. You get to make your own decisions from now on. You are the boss of
your own life now."

With her help I got myself a small apartment downtown. I found another job and
ever so slowly I made my way to the end of the tunnel into the light. Having my
own space, earning my own money made me feel better about myself. Every step I
took Marisha was right there with me. The first time we went shopping I
realized I didn't have to consider what my ex would think about what I had
bought, it made me feel the freedom and that feeling was exhilarating. The
first time I went out to a bar, Marisha was there with me and that made me feel
even better. After half a year of taking small steps I was finally out of the
tunnel and I enjoyed the light surrounding me.


