# Discoveries
_an erotic tale by Transgirl_

## Chapter One
As I was driving to my appointment my thoughts went back to how we had gotten
to this. It had never crossed my mind I would ever do what I was about to do,
never in a million years. Not that I didn't want to do it, no quite the
opposite, I needed to do this. Ever since we started this it had felt all so
natural to me. It went all down so slowly, so gradually, stepping over a
boundary with every move. And now I was about to make the biggest leap of all.
I had stopped taking the pill about six months ago and now I was going to be
inseminated by six black men. The thrill of maybe getting pregnant by any one
of them made the adrenaline and dopamine rush through my veins.

To make it even more exciting I had signed a contract not to terminate a
possible pregnancy. How was I going to explain this to my parents? Did I really
want to do this? With my heart racing I parked the car in front off the room
they had given me. It was a rather sleazy motel. I stared at the door for a
while, took a deep breath and got out of the car.

A big man opened the door for me and I stepped inside, there were about nine
men in there and the camera's were already rolling. I smiled into one of them
and the man that had opened the door said "Here she is boys. Another slut has
been sent to us by her husband. Look at her, isn't she nice? Now what are we
going to call you, honey?"

"Laura," I replied, "just Laura."

"And are you doing this of your own free will?" he asked me as I sat down on
the bed.

"Yes," I replied softly, "Yes, I'm doing this of my own free will?"

"And how long ago did you stop taking the pill?"

"About six months," I replied, "This is so -- exciting and I'm a little
scared."

"Don't be scared," he said, "We're going to have a good time together. Aren't
we boys. Well, I guess we can just start. She's all yours boys."

Two men sat down next to me and they started to touch me, I felt shivers going
up and down my spine. One of them started to kiss me and within seconds his
tongue was deep inside my mouth. The other guy unzipped my dress and I stood up
to let him take it off. In just my lingerie I laid down on the bed and I felt
their hands go all over my body. One other man spread my legs and started to
lick me. I moaned and giggled when one of them took out his lid, dangling it on
front of my face. I opened my mouth and took it in.

Slowly I started going crazy, I didn't see the three camera's anymore. All I
saw were six big black cocks as one of the got on top of me, pushing his dick
inside my pussy. It was really going to happen, I thought. I locked my legs
around him as he plowed me, slow at first but harder and faster as he went
along. Within a few minutes he put the first load of baby batter inside my cum
hungry pussy. Feeling him come send me over the edge, I had taken the last
hurdle. I had sperm inside my while I was at my most fertile moment, it was
done.

One after the other took me and I had multiple orgasms. The best moment of that
night was when I sat on top of one of them, his big dick deep inside my pussy
when I felt another guy bending me over, placing his big cock against my
asshole. Before I knew it he pushed hard and with a pop his dick went deep
inside my ass. "Oh my God," I shouted, "This feels so good."

"What's happening baby," the camera man asked me.

I looked straight into the camera and said "I've got two big black cocks inside
me. One in my pussy and one in my ass. Oh yes, fuck me, fuck me hard. The both
of you. Oh my God does this feel good."

When I walked out of that room it was getting light already. In my purse I had
2,000 dollars and my pussy was filled with multiple loads of cum. Now began the
hardest part of me, waiting to see if I had gotten pregnant. Now came the real
thrill of it all for me, this part was frightening and exciting to me. As I
drove home I could feel the cum drip out of me and it made me aroused all over
again.

On my way home I stopped at a diner for a cup of coffee. Across from me at
another table I saw a nice man sitting there. After I finished my coffee I
asked where the bathroom was and as I passed him I handed him a small note. _If
you want to fuck me, follow me_ it read. Anxiously I waited for him outside the
ladies room. It didn't take him long to arrive and we slipped into the ladies.

In on off the stalls I whipped his dick out and he lifted me up against the
wall. I felt is cock getting hard in my hand and guided him inside my cum
filled pussy. He fucked me hard and I moaned "Come inside me. Make me pregnant"
His eyes went wild and he slammed his dick deeper. With just a few thrusts I
felt him unload and I orgasmed once more, I was so sensitive after a night of
sex it didn't take me much to peak.

He walked out and I followed a few minutes later. As I sat down in my car I
just smiled an went home where my husband was waiting for me. Now with a total
of 11 loads of cum inside me I walked into the door. He just looked at me,
grabbed me and lifted me up the table. I spread my legs for him and he pushed
his hard cock inside me. With just a few thrusts he added his load next to all
the others.

When I saw the first signs of blood in my underwear I felt relieved and sad at
the same time. As much as I didn't want to be pregnant I also felt the
opposite, it was so confusing. My period had started once more and as I looked
at myself in the mirror I said "You were so lucky this time. Don't ever do this
again."

Two weeks later I was once more in a bed in a sleazy motel room. This time
surrounded by 14 black men and they were all going to come inside me, multiple
times. Load after load they put inside me as the camera's were rolling,
capturing every second of it. The best part this time was that when the first
one took me I was on the phone with my husband, describing what was happening
to him. "Oh yes darling, he's slamming me and I think he's going to come. Oh
yes baby, he's coming inside me. The first load of cum deep inside your fertile
wife. I know I'm going the be pregnant this time, I can feel it."


