# My Dirty Little Secret
_a series of erotic tales by Transgirl_

## Double Dipping

### Disclaimer
In all my stories I describe a country that doesn't really exist. It's basically
a mixture of several different countries, like the USA, Australia and countries
within Europe. So don't take it out on me if you read things that aren't wholly
according to reality, this is a story. I made it all up. Get over it.

Any resemblance to any person either living or dead is purely coincidental.

### Chapter One
We had been married for four years and as with every marriage it had become
rather stale. It wasn't like we didn't love each other anymore, it just had
become _normal_. We had the proverbial house with the white picket fence and we
both had good jobs taking most of our time. We owned everything we would ever
need and if we didn't we just bought it without thinking twice about it. My
husband was a lawyer at a large firm and I worked for an international company
as the assistant to the CFO. Even though it wasn't what I went to college for I
did love my job and all the people I worked with.

To breath some live into our marriage we had decided to go out every Friday
night, just the two of us. But as time went on those happened less and less,
sometimes he would call at the last moment possible and I would end up eating a
microwave dinner completely dressed up. I know he was always sincere when he
called and apologized, I could hear it in his voice and to be honest the cases
he was working on by that time were the bigger ones. The ones that get
national attention. And it wasn't that I didn't know what I had signed up for,
he had always said he wanted to work for a big firm and do big cases. Still him
calling always felt like I was getting stood up.

During one of those evenings I decided I would still go to the restaurant we
had booked, just out of a form of protest. Why should I suffer because he had
to work late again? This time I had been ready for almost ten minutes when he
called to say he couldn't make it. We had planned to meet at the restaurant as
per usual. I got into my car and forty minutes later I sat down at table
thanking the waiter for helping me with the chair. "Are you waiting or are you
ready to make a choice Ma'am?" the waiter asked. I told him nobody would come
and that I would like to see the menu. He asked me if I wanted to have
something to drink in the mean time I chose to have one glass of wine. After
looking into the menu I made my choice and sat there as I waited for my dinner
to arrive. I looked around the room and on the other side a man was sitting
alone at a table too. He raised his glass when our gazes met and I just nodded
and smiled.

It didn't take that long for the waiter to serve me and I took a picture of it
to post it to my social media like I would do every time. I was quite into nice
food and loved how this course looked when it was served. Plus it would be nice
to send it to my husband as a sort of a brag, some sort of revenge maybe. But I
decided against doing so as I didn't want to make him angry or sad. I wasn't a
total sociopath, I still felt sorry for him working all the time. As I was
enjoying my dinner that man from the other table walked over. "Would you mind
if I joined you?" he asked, "I think a beautiful woman should never eat alone."
Despite the complement I said no and that I was a "married beautiful woman". He
chuckled and said "Touche. All I wanted to do was to join you for dinner as I'm
far away from home and hate eating alone all the time."

He was very handsome, charming and after some thought I caved and said "Please,
have a seat." He notified the waiter he had moved tables and we started
talking. I was a little blown away by how easy it was to talk to him. He told
me he was a scientist and attending a conference held at the hotel around the
corner. "The food there isn't bad," he said, "But I wanted one evening of not
eating with my colleagues. I can take science talk for a few nights, but even I
get bored of us sometimes." That remark made me chuckle and he showed his
beautiful smile. I have to admit I was a bit smitten by him at that time and my
heart was beating a little faster. It felt so good to get some attention again,
but I would have preferred it had been from my husband and not from a guy who
just happened to be there.

After we both had finished dinner we sat there having a coffee afterwards and
by this time we were just talking about our lives. He was married and a father
of two, he even showed me their pictures. "Oh wow, those are some pretty
daughters," I said, "How old are they?"

"Six and eight," he replied, "Oh, I'm sorry. Eight and a half, she's very
meticulous about it. Alisson got her brain from me, the looks from her mom."

"Are you saying your wife is dumb?" I cheekily replied.

"Well, she's just a psychiatrist," he replied with a chuckle, "She's not even a
_real_ doctor." He winked after he said it and I knew it was part of the way
they talked about each other. "I mean physics is the _real_ science," he
continued, "We explain how the universe works on a molecular level. But I won't
go into it as I seem to bore you."

"Oh no," I said, "I think it's quite interesting. If I had my way I would have
studied science too, but my parents thought it better for me to take economics
as a major. And back then I still listened to them."

"Economics? Wow. So what is it that you do for a living?"

"Oh, I work for Smitham. I am the assistant to the CFO. It's not quite what I
studied for, but I like it."

"Smitham? Wow, that's a big company. And why is it so important to do what you
studied for. Liking your job, isn't that the most important thing?"

"I think so, but my parents always tell me otherwise. Having a degree in
Economics is still helpful to me as I understand what my boss is talking about.
He sometimes says I know more than he does and I do sometimes correct some
mistakes he made. He doesn't like when I tell him though." I chuckled as my
boss was a nice man and we got along great. He was old enough to be my father
and he had said one day that I was the daughter he never had. He was a father
of three sons he was very proud of.

After the coffee we sat down at the bar for one last drink as we both didn't
want to go home yet. We were sitting at the far end of the bar to my left was
the wall of the restaurant and Dave was sitting to my right. We had some laughs
and it was so nice to talk to him. At one point he placed his hand on my knee
and made me gasp. I pushed him away, got up and said "What the hell? Who do you
think I am? I am a married woman and you said you just wanted to have some
company for dinner. Well dinner is over and I'm going home." I grabbed my
purse, stopped at the register to pay for my meal and stormed out. He followed
me and said he was sorry, but I just snuffed at him and got into my car. As I
drove home I felt so violated and was thinking about calling the cops on him.
But then my initial anger subsided and I thought it better not to escalate.
Maybe I had given him mixed signals too for I had liked talking to him a bit
too much. "I should never have invited him to join me," I said to myself. As I
was driving I noticed something deep inside me had liked him touching me and as
soon as I realized that I chuckled. Subconsciously I placed my hand on the spot
he had touched me and fantasized about him going further than that. The moment
I had that fantasy I shook my head and said "Laura! You are a married woman!"

When I got home I saw my husbands car on the driveway. I had left a note to
tell him I had gone to dinner anyway and that I would be home later. When I
walked into the kitchen I saw Travis sitting at the kitchen table. He had the
note in his hands and I could see he wasn't a happy camper. "Where have you
been?" he asked. I told him I had gone to the restaurant and that I had met
this guy called Dave. I told him we had dinner together as he was far from home
and that it was just a dinner. I didn't tell him about _the incident_ as I
didn't feel like it was pertinent.

"I was all ready to go when you called," I said, "and I didn't want to call off
the restaurant again and have a microwave dinner all alone."

"So this is all my fault?"

"I didn't say that. I've always supported you and I still do. I understand that
you have to make long hours at work sometimes, but this was the millionth time
you called to cancel our dinner and I just wanted to have dinner at a nice
restaurant. That's all. I swear."

"I don't know," he said, "I just don't know. Tell me the truth. Is there
someone else?"

"WHAT?! NO! Who do you think I am? I am NOT cheating on you and I never will."
I started to cry and could not believe he was actually suspecting me of doing
such a thing. After feeling violated this was just too much for me and I sat
down shaking all over.

"I'm sorry," he said softly, "but being an asshole and just say it is a good
way to see if someone is lying and clearly you are not. I am so sorry."

"What? I'm not a client nor a defendant, Travis. I'm your wife and I feel so
lonely at times. I really do. But I also know that you are sacrificing a lot
for us, that you made all of this possible for us and I am so grateful for it
but I would love to be together a little more. Just the two of us like we used
to do."

"I understand," he said, "I always feel so guilty when I have to call you, but
it isn't like I have a choice. We have to go to trial next week."

"I know," I said softly, "I understand that and I'm not holding that against
you, not at all. I just didn't want to eat alone again."

After a restless night I woke up alone in bed. Travis had gotten up early to go
back to work and had promised to be home as soon as he could. By this time
those promises had become empty vessels, but I had said I would like that. Some
rays of the sun blinded me a little as I got up to go to the bathroom. It
promised to be another day all alone in that big house of ours. The sun was out
blazing and the temperature rose quickly. I made myself a cup of coffee and as
I sat down my thoughts went back to the night before. It had been such a nice
night until he decided to touch me like that. Remembering all of it confused me
as I still felt violated but I also wished I hadn't stormed off like that. As I
took a sip from my hot beverage I wondered what might have happened if I hadn't
protested. Would he have gone further? What would have happened next? My heart
started beating faster and somehow the thought of a stranger touching me
aroused me. "Stop it Laura!" I said to myself, "You can't feel this way. You
are a married woman."

For the rest of the day I just laid in the back yard catching some sun and
reading a book. Every now and again my thoughts went back to that bar and the
hand on my knee, every single time I had to tell myself not to think like that
and was more than relieved when I heard Travis' car on the drive way. He had
kept his promise and was home around three in the afternoon. He told me again
how sorry he was for the night before and handed me a giant bouquet of flowers.
It was a mix of pink flowers like pink roses and hot pink alstroemerias. It was
just so beautiful and I took some time to put them in a nice vase. When I was
done I kissed my husband and thanked him for the flowers. This was why I had
fallen for him a long time ago, this was the man I loved.

After another long week at work it was Friday again. The trial Travis had
prepped for had started and this time he had said we couldn't go to dinner
beforehand. "But if you want to go alone again. Or maybe you could invite
Marisha. You two haven't seen each other in a while," he said. He was right I
hadn't talked to her in quite some time and maybe it was a good idea to give
her a call again, the idea even excited me a little. We knew each other since
kindergarten and she was my best friend next to Travis. But as with all friends
life got in the way and we weren't able to see each other as much as we would
have liked.

When I called Marisha the next day she said "Oh, I am so sorry but I have a
prior commitment. What about Saturday? Lunch? I would like to see you again."
I agreed to meet her for lunch and told her I was looking forward to it as it
had been such a long time I had seen her. We kept talking for a while longer
and it was like the months of no contact had never happened.

All day long that Friday I was unsure whether I wanted to go out for dinner as
I really didn't want to eat alone in a restaurant again. Not after what had
happened the last time. As I was driving home I decided to just go, what was
the worst that could happen? That I dined alone? Or maybe had a nice dinner
with someone nice to talk to? So when I called a few restaurants until I found
one that had a seat available. I got ready to go when it was time to do so and
an hour later I walked in. There was a nice lady standing at the desk and
guided me to my table. As I sat there I looked around and at one of the tables
I saw Marisha. She was having dinner with someone who wasn't here husband. On
it's own that wasn't unusual for her as for her job she had many dinners with
people, but this time they were holding hands. Then she flicked her hair,
laughed and was clearly flirting with him.

She was sitting with her back to me but I would recognize her anywhere. Her
long red hair, her figure, I just knew here too well. I tried not to look to
much but changing seats wouldn't help as I was sitting at a table for two and
even on the other chair I would still see them, maybe even better than I did on
the one I sat on. But I just couldn't stop watching them as there was more
going on than just a dinner, it was the way she moved, laughed at his jokes and
how she touched her face with her hand. When I realized what was going on I had
to bite my lip to hide a gasp, she was cheating! And in public no less.

When I saw her get up I turned my head away, hoping she would see me. But that
was idle hope as seconds later I heard her say "Laura?" It was like an ice-cold
bucket of water was thrown over me. I looked up and saw Marisha looking back to
the man at her table, I looked too and he was clearly not her husband. Her face
had turned white and she quickly turned around said something to the man and
then turned to look at me again. I watched how she hugged the man, said
something else and watched how he walked off.

My eyes went back to Marisha as she walked towards me and sat down at my table.
"What are you doing here?" she whispered with determination in her voice.

"What am _I_ doing here? What are _you_ doing here? Who was that guy?"

"Oh him? Nobody? Just someone I had a business dinner with." She was a terrible
liar and I told her so. Her face turned red and she looked down to her shoes.
A clear sign she knew I had caught her into one.

"Don't lie to me Marisha. I know you and know when you are lying to me. So tell
me the truth, what is going on?"

Her face turned fiery red and she whispered "Can we go somewhere else? Please?
I will tell you but not here." I nodded and we left the restaurant. When we sat
in my car about ten minutes later I asked her where we should go. "Just drive
somewhere, I don't really care. Just somewhere private." We drove for a while
until we arrived at a park and sat down on one of the benches overlooking the
lake in the center of it. She just looked straight ahead and took a very deep
breath. "This is hard," she said, "It just happened one day. I told myself it
wouldn't happen again it did."

"But why? You're married and as far as I know happily."

"I am. I love him so much, but this? This is just too -- addicting. I can't
explain it, the sex is just so much better when you are doing it secretly,
when you have to hide it."

"Really? How long have you been doing this?"

"It all started a year after we got married. Matt was working all the time and
I felt so lonely. Then one evening we went to get a drink after work and one
thing led to another. I felt so guilty afterwards, really I did. But the sex
had been so good. I hadn't had sex like that in a long time. Maybe it was
because it was so taboo, maybe it was because I did something I shouldn't be
doing. I don't know. All I know is that I was walking on clouds for the next
few days, even Matt said I looked so happy. When he asked why I just told him I
had a good week at work and he seemed to believe me. That's when I learned I
could go away with it and before I knew it I did it again."

"Wow, really? You've been doing this for five years now? And Matt doesn't know?
How?"

"Well, you know me and you know how much I love it. So whenever he wants to go
I just let him. But it's never as good as with the other guys. I even started
faking orgasms with Matt."

"Really? Wow. But, and don't take this the wrong way, you are lying to him. You
are betraying his trust."

"I know I am. It's just so -- addicting. The thrill, the adrenaline rush. But I
needed bigger risks as time went on. At first we went to a hotel room in some
other town, then we ended up in hotel rooms here, went outside, held hands,
kissed in the park, you get my drift."

"Wow," was all I could utter. My thoughts went back to that restaurant at that
bar when that guy touched my leg. How thrilling it was once I had calmed down
and remembered him touching me. As a matter of fact at that moment, sitting on
that bench I suddenly understood what she was saying. I felt my nipples getting
hard and got aroused just thinking about it. Clearly Marisha had noticed
something about me because she just looked at me curiously.

I shyly looked away and felt like I was caught. "I didn't actually do it," I
said, "But I almost did. Travis has been working long hours lately and he
called off date-night a couple of times. This time I decided to still go to the
restaurant as I didn't want to call it off again and I was ready to go." I told
her everything that had happened that night. "But when I calmed down I noticed
how much I had -- enjoyed it. I can't explain it. At the moment I was so mad,
so angry. I had told him I was married and still he had the gall to touch me.
And still when I calmed down I noticed that I had liked it."

"Really?" Marisha's totally attitude changed, "Then you understand what I mean,
don't you? Oh my God, you would be the last one I would expect this from."

I blushed and said "Yeah, it's just that I felt so lonely, so unloved. Like I
don't matter anymore. And I know that it isn't true, but I still feel that way
sometimes. But then he makes up for it with a nice bouquet of flowers or a box
of chocolates. That's when I see that man I fell in love with again."

"Yeah, it seems they change when they finally get married. Take you for granted
after some time. I know the feeling, Matt is the same way. Maybe that's why I
do what I do. It's just so exciting and Laura, really, the sex is _so_ good. It
really is. It always feels like the first time you sleep with someone, it's all
just so exciting. Remember that? That first time you slept with Travis and how
exciting it was? Well I feel that every single time. I never sleep with someone
more than once or sometimes twice."

"What? How many have there been?"

"Oh, about 10 to 15. I never counted though."

"10 to 15 in five years? That few? I mean in five years 15 isn't that much, is
it?"

"Oh yes, it isn't that I'm jumping into bed with anyone. I can sustain for
months until it just gets too much and I just need to scratch that itch. If you
know what I mean."

I nodded and said "Look I'm not going to tell anyone about this. This will be
our little secret. I've kept secrets before so you know that it's safe with
me."

"I know," Marisha said, "and thanks. I was so scared when I saw you sitting
there, but then I realized if there was one person in the world I could trust
it was you." She blew air through her lips from relieve and said "Somehow I'm
so happy now someone knows about it. Someone close I mean. That I don't have to
hide it from you means a lot." We hugged and I said "You just should have told
me from the beginning. But that's in the past now and I'm glad you told me
now." We sat there for a while longer catching up on our regular lives. It was
so nice to talk to my best friend again and we promised to see each other more
often after.

### Chapter Two
"I am so sorry," Travis said through the phone, "It's another big case and we
all have to work late tonight. I just can't get out of it, I'm the lead in this
case and if this goes right it can mean a promotion for me. This is just that
important." We had been doing so well for a few months, we even made plans to
go on a weekend trip to the mountains. Now there was another case that was more
important and I didn't know how to respond. We both were quite for some time
until he said "Laura? Are you still there?"

"Yes, yes I am. I just don't know what to say Travis. You promised me. You know
how much I've been looking forward to this. It took me months to get those
tickets."

"Why don't you take Marisha? You two seem to get along great lately, I'm sure
she'll like it."

"Oh she would, but I didn't want to go with her. I wanted to go with you." I
felt like I wanted to cry. But I kept it in as I didn't want to make it worse
than it already was. "I'm still going," I said, "Whether Marisha can go or not,
I'm still going. This is the last chance to see them live and I really do not
want to miss it."

"I understand and wouldn't want you to miss it. I know how much you love them.
I can still try to see whether I can go too, but it doesn't look like it. I am
so sorry, I really am."

"Just don't bring me flowers or chocolates this time. I've had enough of those,
I want you not those gifts."

He said goodbye and told me he loved me and I didn't respond. It was the first
time I hadn't told him I loved him too. I just couldn't get myself to do it, I
felt so hurt and started to cry when I laid down the phone in front of me. When
I regained my emotions I picked it up and called Marisha. She was more than
happy to go with me and said "Let's make a girls weekend of it. Fuck them,
we're going to rent a room in a hotel and it will be just the two of us like we
did in college." Hearing those plans made me feel a little better and again I
was looking forward to going.

That evening when Travis came home I told him about our plans, I had already
called into work to get the days off. My boss was more than happy to grant
them. "You've been working so hard the past few years. You never took a day off
and you were always on time. So take the days, rest and have some fun. You've
earned it." he had said. Travis said "Good. I can see you're ready to go and I
will be the last one to say no. I am so sorry, but this is just too important."

I wanted to protest, to tell him how I felt about his _important_, but I didn't
and just said "Thanks. It will be fun and going with Marisha is a good
alternative. She loves them too and is more than excited to go." Marisha and I
had agreed she would pay for the hotel as I had already paid for the tickets.
For the next few days we called each other almost every day to plan the trip
and we both were so excited in the end. "Maybe this is even better," I thought
the night before the trip, "If I had gone with Travis it would be a rush and we
would have left at the latest possible moment. Now I can really enjoy being
there and going to see them." I thought as I laid in bed looking at the wall
with my back towards Travis.

Travis got up early to go to work. "You have fun, okay?" he said as he leaned
over to kiss me. I nodded and kissed him back. "I love you," I said softly and
he said he loved me too. I stayed in bed for another hour and got ready for
Marisha to pick me up. I had packed my suitcase the night before which Travis
had carried down for me complaining "Why do women always bring so much? You
know it's just for a weekend, right?" Twenty minutes later I made myself a cup
of coffee and sat down at the kitchen table. It was still an hour before
Marisha would pick me up and I just sat there waiting for her. As I sat there I
thought about everything and finally said to myself "Kiss my ass Travis. I'm
not going to feel guilty anymore about this. I'm going to have some fun with my
best friend." Saying that out loud made me feel a lot better about the whole
situation and I couldn't wait for Marisha to come.

When she finally arrived she handed me a small package. "A gift to make you
feel a little better," she said as she handed it to me. I gasped when I opened
it and saw it was their latest album, a mix of their greatest hits and some new
songs.

Two hours later we left town and entered the highway going to Marin City, the
biggest city in our state. I had always loved to go to Marin and was so looking
forward to seeing The Full Brothers, a band I had loved ever since I was
little. This was their last tour and the last chance for me to finally see them
live. I leaned forward and placed the CD into the radio and within seconds the
songs I loved so much were blasting through the speakers. Marisha started
singing along as she drove and it didn't take long for me to join in. Minutes
later we were singing as loud as we could when my favorite song _The Destiny_
was playing.

"Who do you like the most?" Marisha asked.

"Oh, that's easy. Jeremy, I always liked Jeremy the most of all the Full
Brothers."

"Jeremy? Really? Wow. You are so wrong though. Paul is clearly the best looking
of them."

"Well you always had something about drummers and he isn't even a real Full
brother, he is their best friend. But he's not a Fuller. The band had started
when I was about 13 years old as a boy band of brothers except for Paul. He was
their best friend and the only one they knew who could drum. They started out
as the Fuller band, but changed their name to _The Full Brothers_ later when
another artist threatened to sue them over the name. It was quite the thing
back then and made them even more famous than they already were.

They had announced their retirement a year before when one of the brothers,
David was diagnosed with a fatal decease. He was told he had ALS and that they
didn't know how long he would have. Despite getting worse David kept playing as
long as he could and this was the last time they would ever play as the band
again to pay a tribute to the one they lost just a month before. I felt it as
an honor to see them at such an important event to them and for all the fans.
Thinking about this made me feel sad and Marisha noticed. "Yeah, I know," she
said, "I know. I miss him too." It was so nice to have a friend who just knew
what was going on in my mind, who could just read the signs and I didn't have
to actually say the words.

Marisha smiled, skipped a few songs until she found what she was looking for.
She turned on the volume as _The Lost One_ started to play. We both were
quietly listening to the song they had written for there lost brother. You
could hear the pain the were in and how much they loved and missed him. "The
Lost One is home again, now without the pain." As I listened to the song I
could feel the tears well up in my eyes. It was such a beautiful song and when
it was over Marisha turned off the radio. We drove for almost half an hour in
silence, totally impressed by the song we had just been listening to.

"Let's get some lunch," Marisha said as she turned in to the parking lot of a
road side diner. We were driving for almost four hours now and I was more than
happy to get out of the car for a while. During dinner the sadness I had felt
left me and we decided to honor David by doing what he asked his fans to do.
"When I'm no longer on this earth, don't mourn me for too long. Have a cry,
mourn me for a while and then just party. Please. Do it for me." It was such a
surprise to hear his voice at the end of the song and it finally broke me.

After lunch it was my turn to drive and it took us another three hours to reach
Marin, it would be another half an hour to reach Marin City. Marisha had set
the navigation to tell us how to drive to the hotel, which we finally reached
after almost another hour. I sighed from relieve when I parked the car in the
underground parking and said "Imagine Travis wanted to drive here and back on
the same day. I am so happy you suggested to stay here for the weekend."
Marisha chuckled.

"Let the girls weekend begin!" she almost shouted as she got out of the car. We
had booked a room with two separate beds, just like we had done many times in
college when we just left for a weekend because we felt like it. After getting
our luggage from the car we went up to the check in desk and Marisha said she
had made a reservation. "Oh, I am so sorry," the girl said, "I see that we
overbooked that room and there are already guests in it." Marisha was about to
get angry when the girl said "We can upgrade you for free if you want to. I am
so sorry this happened."

"Upgrade? Free? Sure!" Marisha stumbled over her words.

A few minutes later we walked into a way bigger room with a decent table, a
nice kitchen and a beautiful view out of the window. "There's a balcony!"
Marisha shouted as I took a look into the separate bedroom.

"There's just one problem," I shouted to her, "Come and see."

Marisha walked into the bedroom and I showed her the single Alaskan King size
bed. "Wow, that's a huge bed," she said and dropped herself on it, "Our party
is now a slumber party." She laughed and said "Come on. We've shared beds
before."

"Yes," I replied, "When we were twelve. This is different."

"Why?"

"It just is."

"I don't agree. Come on, let go. We're here to have some fun and we got this
room for almost free. We could never afford a room like this on our own, this
is a good thing. Come on Laura, lighten up a little. It's girls weekend and
we're here to have fun!"

I chuckled and dropped myself next to her on the bed. She jumped on me and
started to tickle me like she had done when we were twelve. I started laughing
and told her to stop. She always knew how to brighten my mood. We unpacked,
freshened up and went down to the restaurant to get something to eat. After
dinner we went outside to explore a little and found a mall that was still
open. "Let's go shopping," Marisha cheered, "The best way to start a girls
weekend is to go shopping." She took my hand and walked a little faster pulling
me along. We went from store to store and when we were back in the hotel room I
placed four bags of clothes on the bed I didn't really need.

The next day we went on one of the many tours the city had to offer, we sat on
the top deck seeing all the sights. I had too much fun to think about Travis or
anything else. I did send him a selfie of us sitting at a table on the famous
town square right in the center of Marin City. He had replied with a smiley and
said he was happy to see me having fun. We returned to the hotel around four in
the afternoon to get ready for the concert. We ordered room service for dinner
as we both were getting ready. When I was ready Marisha asked "You are wearing
that? You look like a mom who is there against her will. Come on, we bought you
some nice clothes yesterday." If looks could kill at that moment. I protested
when Marisha pushed me to put on the dress we had bought the day before.

Half an hour later I stepped out the bedroom and Marisha said "That's way
better." I was still a bit unstable on the heels as I hardly ever wore them,
but when I saw myself in the mirror I did like what I saw. Marisha said "Okay,
one last thing." And she grabbed the front of my dress and pulled it down,
revealing a lot more of my cleavage. "We're having fun tonight," she said,
"And you can show a little more this night."

We arrived at the venue an hour before it started and as I had intended to go
there with Travis I had gotten tickets in the stands. We were guided to our
seats and when the usher was about to leave Marisha asked "Can we still go down
to the floor if we want to dance?" The usher said "Yes, but you can't go back
when you do." Marisha nodded and looked at me as if she had a plan.

"Oh no," I said, "We're not leaving these seats. My feet are hurting already."

Marisha got up to get us something to drink and when she sat back down we
cheered saying "Clink" as we put the plastic cups together. I took a sip and
said "Wine? Really?" Marisha laughed and said "We're having fun right?" I just
shook my head and took another sip. It had been a long time since I had a wine
and it did taste good. We chatted until the lights went out. The audience
turned quiet when a photo of David was projected on the stage. "Ladies and
Gentlemen. Welcome at this tribute to David Fuller. This night we want to honor
our brother, our friend and we want to share this evening with you. Please
stand as we remember our dear friend in a moment of silence."

The silence was deafening, it was so impressive to see 12,000 people be quiet
and have their hands on their hearts. After a minute the speaker said "Thank
you. Ladies and Gentlemen, THE FULL BROTHERS!" The crowd roared, cheered and
clapped as the remaining members walked onto the stage. At the first tones of
_The Lost One_ the crowd went silent again, nobody sang along, everybody just
listened and remembered David. When his voice sounded over the speakers telling
us to have fun the band changed gears and played one of their biggest hits.
Everybody started to cheer and sing along, it was just so impressive. After
about half an hour Marisha convinced me to go down to the floor, she wanted to
dance and have fun. By that time I was on my third wine and I didn't care
anymore.

As we entered the floor Marisha started to move and I joined in. Not long after
we were dancing in a crowd of other people. It was so enticing dancing
underneath the lights to the songs I loved so much. The band told us multiple
times to honor their brother by having the biggest party on earth. "Let see if
he can hear us!" Jeremy shouted and a cheer rolled through the audience. As I
was dancing a guy came closer to me and asked me to dance with him when the
band played a slow song. Marisha was dancing with some other guy and I said yes
too. He put his arms around me and I felt something I had never felt before. A
rush, a tingle down my spine. As we were dancing his hand slowly went lower and
I didn't protest. When he squeezed my ass I even moaned a little. I felt my
nipples getting harder and before I realized we kissed.

From the corner of my eyes I saw Marisha walk off the dance floor and the guy
she had been dancing with was following her. I told him I was sorry and
followed them too. As I was walking I noticed he was following me and my heart
started racing. On the far end of the venue I saw Marisha leaning against the
wall, her arms around his neck and they were kissing. His hands were on her
breasts and she didn't seem to care. I stopped and the guy I had been dancing
with placed his hand on my shoulder startling me. I looked up and into his deep
blue eyes. He pushed me against the wall too and kissed me again. I felt my
knees going week and placed my arms around him. I turned my head to the left,
opened my mouth and our tongues touched. When he softly squeezed by boobs I
moaned and without really thinking I felt my hands go down on him. When I could
I looked to my left and saw Marisha having her legs around the man she was
with.

After a few minutes the four of us returned to the dance floor, had a good time
until the concert was over. It had been the best one I had ever attended and
the crowd cheered for so long they had to return several times before they
played another song. The last one they would ever play as a band. As the crowd
was leaving we sat on a few seats. The man I had danced with said his name was
Austin and Marisha's friend was called Ronin. They invited us to go to a bar
downtown and as it was close to our hotel we agreed. It took some time before
we got into a taxi and Ronin payed the driver when we arrived at the bar.
Inside we talked about the concert and how wonderful it all had been. Austin
got me another wine and within minutes we were kissing again. This time his
hand rested on my knee and slowly made his way up. I gasped when he softly
touched my vagina and I spread my legs as he pushed his hand inside my thong.

From Marisha's breathing I could hear she was experiencing the same and somehow
it really aroused me. Twenty minutes later I fell on our bed feeling a little
drunk. Austin crawled on top of me and I spread my legs for him. I pulled off
my thong, took off his pants and got on top of me again. I moaned as I felt his
cock enter my now fully wet vagina. "Oh yes," I moaned, "Fuck me. I want you to
fuck me hard." Right at that moment Marisha walked in, looked at me and smiled
as she crawled on the bed. Ronin stood behind her and I saw her face when he
penetrated her. We stared at each other as we were having sex with men who
weren't our husbands.

It wasn't long before we all were naked and the men switched places. Ronin's
cock was way bigger than Austins' or my husbands' and I moaned loudly when he
entered me. I put my arms around his sweating body. "Oh my God," I moaned, "You
are so big." After a few minutes I pushed him on his back and I got on top of
him. Moaning loudly as I felt him enter me again. I rode him for a few minutes
when I felt a pair of soft hands push me down. It was Marisha "Trust me."

Then I felt something push against my asshole. "Just relax," Marisha said and
smiled. Suddenly I felt something enter my ass and I realized it was Austin.
"Oh my GOD!" I shouted out and looked at Marisha in a panic. "Just relax, it
will feel so good. Trust me." I did my best to relax and slowly the both of
them started to pump. Within a few thrusts I just had to scream. It just felt
too good. Having to cocks inside me was just the best feeling I had ever felt
and within seconds I orgasmed. I groaned, shivered and shook all over as the
orgasm rolled through my body. I just had to stop, I had to regain my faculties
and I watched how Marisha took my place, I watched how she was being fucked by
two men. "Oh yes," she said, "Fuck this slut. Come inside me, the both of you.
I am a cumbucket and that's why I exist. I am such a whore. Fuck me as hard as
you can and give me your cum. Oh yes, yes, fuck me harder. Harder. Keep going!
Oh yes, right there. Keep going -- I'm cumming, I'm cumming!" The three of them
groaned as they all came together.

I felt myself getting aroused again and watched how they pulled out of Marisha.
I saw how their cum dripped out of her. Then she did something I totally didn't
expect. She spread my legs and place one of hers underneath me. She then
pressed her cum filled pussy against mine and started to grind. She pressed her
boobs firmly against my leg and said "I wanted to do this for so long." At
first I was startled and then I just lost myself. We pressed our pussies
together while moving and gyrating our hips. Feeling our mix and knowing their
sperm was in there too made me orgasm again. After a few minutes we all took a
shower together, which ended up in Ronin fucking me again. This time I asked
him to fill me up too. I wanted to feel his sperm inside me. I had set the
first step I might as well go all the way, I thought. An hour later the boys
left and we fell asleep in each others arms.

The next morning I woke up feeling so guilty. 
