# Exploring Laura

## Chapter One
Port Verde is not your typical harbor town. Located on the shores of the
Atlantic Ocean the influences from all over the world were still clearly
visible. Not only in the architecture, but most of all in the mentality of the
people living there. Port Verdans are known for their easy going mentality,
doing everything the easy way.

The main plaza of the old city center was well known all over the world. The
typical colonial style building, the palm trees and the typical red stones on
the ground. Around the plaza restaurants, bars and small boutiques made the
plaza the center of the day and night life. To the west you could find _Main
Street_, aligned with more bars playing life music, from jazz to rock'n'roll.
To the South _Lipton Avenue_ leading all the way to the white sand beach where
the _wellness_ people spent most of their time. To the East _Brighton Street_,
home to more restaurants, diners and small shops. But most off all home to
_Anchor Mall_, the biggest mall in the state. Although only six years old, the
building was tailored to blend in naturally with the surroundings. On the
outside it looked like it was built at the same time as the buildings
surrounding it.

Ever since I was little I dreamed of living there. I can't explain. Seeing that
photo in that magazine gave me the feeling of seeing home. I was drawn to it,
had to be there. Only when I was old enough, earned enough I was able to go
there for the first time. The best holiday I ever had, I was just 19 years old
and had worked all year to save enough for two weeks in paradise. Ever since
then I had set my mind on living there, making a life of my own in the only
city I loved.

Life got in the way however. I met someone in college, fell in love and got
married. Within three years I became a parent of two beautiful children, two
little persons I wouldn't leave for the world. My partner knew about my
obsession with Port Verde, even offered to let me go there on my own a couple
of times. But I just couldn't leave my children, not even for a short holiday.

Having my reached my dream of being a teacher I had lots of free time during
all the school holidays. As a teacher however most of that time was spent with
paperwork and preparing classes. Even the long Summer break was spent with
meetings, preparation for the next year. That however still left four weeks in
which I could rejuvenate my energy for another school year of hording middle
school students. Although I loved all my children, the ones at home and in my
classes, it was very tiring and I really needed those four weeks.

My partner had climbed the ladder at his law firm and had gotten bigger cases.
Leaving him hardly any time to go on a holiday together. Sure his income
allowed us to get a bigger house, provide our children things we could never
have and we could afford ourselves some nice things too. We had it good,
couldn't complain. When the youngest turned four years old all they wanted to
do was spend their Summer break at the farm of my in-laws. "They have chickens
mom," the youngest said, "And horses. I love the horses, mom." They were old
enough to spend two weeks and my in-laws loved having them.

"It will give you some time to relax dear," my mother-in-law had said, "Two
weeks of not looking after them. We'd love to have them for two or three weeks
and they love to be with us. It's a win-win for all of us."

As my partner couldn't get time off it resulted in me being home alone for most
of those weeks. "You are bored," my partner said one night, "I can see it." I
did my best to deny it, but we both knew I was lying. I just wasn't built to
just sit and read a book, I needed to do something. All my friends were either
working or on a holiday with their families. "So," my partner said, "I've been
thinking. Why don't you go to Port Verde. Have a good time, charge your
batteries and do the things you want to do."

"What about you? I just can't pack my bags and leave all this behind?"

"Why not? Our children are with my parents. I'm working all the time and you're
just sitting here, being bored. I can't live with that. So for me to be able to
do my job it would be nice to know that you're having a great time. And I want
you to feel free, so for the two weeks you're not here I am willing to give you
all the space you need. No restrictions, no repercussions. You can just do the
things you always wanted to do."

"What are you saying? I should pretend not to be married? I can't."

"Then don't. But don't let it hold you back either. Look, I know I can't give
you everything you need. As a teacher you can't do the things you want to do
either, because of what parents might think. For those two weeks however you
are almost 1,000 miles away, in a place nobody knows you. Ultimate freedom. We
can even create a _splash fund_, money you can spend in what ever way you want.
No questions asked. If you want to we can make sure I don't have access to it.
I would love to, but it's not necessary."

"No, I don't want to lie to you. If, and it's a big if, I'm doing this, I want
to be honest with you. No secrets, remember?"

"Yes I remember. That's why I know that what we have isn't enough for you. You
need more and during those weeks you can get what you need. I'm willing to give
you that space because I know that if I don't I might loose you."

"Never, I would never --"

"You say that now. But I know I'm not enough. That's why you want us to role
play. Pretend I'm someone else. I know and understand, but I also know playing
isn't enough for you anymore. That's why I'm willing to give you the space you
need to scratch that itch. For two weeks in the year you have all the freedom
you need."

"But what do we tell people? That I go on a holiday on my own?"

"At first. But whenever you have friends there, you're visiting them. And
because it isn't cheap, you're only going there once a year."

"Don't forget school. I can't just get on a plane and go there."

We hugged and my partner whispered "Now you're getting it. I love you so much,
I want you to be happy. If that means I need to let you go a little, then
that's what I'm willing to do."

"But I don't want to hurt you."

"I know. That's why I trust you totally. Please, let me give this to you."

It still took me some time to decide whether I wanted to do it. I didn't like
the idea of leaving my family for two weeks, having fun while they were so far
away from me wasn't something I thought I would like. My mother-in-law was the
only person I could really talk to. As both my parents had passed away while I
was in college she had taken over the role of being my mother. She loved her
children, but always wanted a daughter. With Travis being her only child, I was
the substitute she needed, just as much as I needed someone for a mother.

The fact we really clicked did help a lot. My real mother had been strict and
Tracy was everything I would have wanted my own mother to be. Tracy was still
strict, but she saw me as the adult I was not as the child I used to be. During
a weekend we visited them Tracy and I were sitting outside next to their pool.

I was still thinking about what Travis had offered me and somehow Tracy knew I
was preoccupied. "What are you thinking about?" she asked and I just tried to
wave it away. She, however, insisted and I just blurted it out. "Wow, two
whole weeks in Port Verde? I would be on that plane without any hesitation. Two
weeks away from the kids, away from John. Heaven! I can already taste the
Margarita's, I can already feel the beach."

"But don't you think it's selfish? I mean, leaving my family like that."

"Who cares? Travis is working most of the time, isn't he? We love to have the
kids and they love to be with us. The only one not having a good time is you. I
know you by now and sitting home, reading books? That's not you. You'll be
bored on day two. You're just afraid to admit it."

I hadn't told her about the other part of the deal Travis had suggested and it
sure wasn't something I wanted her to know about. "But isn't it strange? I mean
a married woman all alone?"

"Why? Times have changed. I know a lot of women who go on a holiday without
their spouses or children. Just to recharge, doing the things they love to do.
We both know my son and he would not like laying on a beach for two weeks. Nor
would he like to explore a city, go shopping, visit a museum. You and I know
his idea of a vacation is sitting home, watching TV. He doesn't like to travel,
never has. This way you both get what you need, I think it's a wonderful idea."

"Thanks, you made it a lot easier. I'm still not sure though."

"The only way to know is to actually do it. Try it one time. If you don't like
it you can just go home. But at least give it a few days, don't go home the
next day. I would suggest to give it at least a week. If you don't like it
after a week then you don't ever have to do it again. At least you've tried
it."

That last remark made me really took away the last objections I had. That
evening I told Travis and he couldn't have been happier about it. "That's my
girl," he said with a smile, "Sure, let's at least try it. I don't know how I
will feel and you don't know if you will like it. Let's talk every night and
you can tell me everything."

Summer break had arrived and I was sitting in our living room with plane
tickets in my hand. Travis was sitting next to me. "I have bought them because
I know that you won't. You've always needed a push every now and then." He
chuckled and I just looked at him. Did I really want his? "The children are
going to be with my parents for three weeks. Giving you enough time to pack,
get on that plane and have a few days before they get home again. Do you like
it?"

"Yes, I do. It just makes it -- real. Do we really want to do this?"

"Yes. I've got this big case and I'll be working most of the time. I might
have some all nighters and this way I won't feel guilty of leaving you home
alone. I would love for you to go and have some fun."

I just sat there for a moment and said "If I don't then I'm coming home."

"That's why the return ticked isn't dated. But just as my mother said, give it
a week. The first days you will have to adjust to the idea, I'm sure. We can
FaceTime every night, even when I'm at work. I will love the break. So, are we
doing this?"

"They are non-refundable," I gave as an excuse, "It will be a pity to just
throw them away." Travis chuckled and said "That's my girl. You just go and
have fun. Take your camera with you, you always loved taking photos."

"I did, I really did. That's a actually a good idea. I could shoot the
buildings, the sea. There's this beautiful nature reserve nearby. I could go
there too. The beach, oh the food! I can taste it already."

"See? You're not even there and you're already having fun. And don't forget the
_other_ part of our agreement. Total freedom. Remember?"

"I don't know about that part. I just can't --"

"And you don't have to," Travis interrupted me, "I just want you to remember
it."

Two weeks later I stood in our bedroom. Two suitcases in front of me, totally
empty still. I just stared at them wondering if I was doing the right thing.
What would people think of me? I'm a teacher and I'm going to a city almost a
thousand miles away? But now I had promised my partner I would go, the children
were with my in-laws already and they were having so much fun. At first the
youngest was crying and wanted to come home, but the second night she was all
chatty about the _aminals_ and didn't want to go home anymore. I turned around
stared at my wardrobe, the first things I packed were my bikini's, quickly
followed by summer dresses, shoes, pants, shirts, blouses, jackets. Next were
my toothbrush, hair brushes and other toiletries. In just under an hour I had
packed everything I might need for those two weeks.

Downstairs I sat at the dining room table removing my credit cards from my
purse, replacing them by the new one we had applied for. The new one was linked
to a special account, one I could do with whatever I wanted. A splash fund
especially for me. "Money you don't have to feel guilty about," Travis had
said, "This is for you. I got my new car and you get this because you've earned
it."

"Thank you," I had replied, "I might not spend it all."

"Don't care," Travis had said, "If you don't spend it all you will have some
more when you go back next year. Because I'm sure you will."

"Don't hold your breath. I regret this deal already."

It was five in the morning, my flight was planned in just three hours. I hardly
slept that night, when it was time I really didn't want to go. Travis however
insisted and dropped me off at the airport. I checked in, we said goodbye and
promised to talk later that evening. "I want to see you at a nice restaurant,
or at the beach, whatever. I want to see you happy." he said just before I had
to go to the boarding area. Just before I turned the corner I looked at him one
last time. Sitting in that boring area for two hours really made me think and I
almost canceled the whole deal. If it hadn't been my luggage already being
loaded on the plane I might have actually done it. An employee however told me
they could unload my luggage but it would result in a delay for the other
passengers. That wasn't something I was willing to do.

Another three hours later I landed in the city I loved so much, got in a taxi
and checked into the hotel we had booked. It wasn't located near the old city
center, but still close enough I could walk there. I had to admit it was nice
seeing those buildings again, smell the food coming from the restaurants. But
as I laid down on the bed in that hotel room I felt alone, lonely even. Without
my family the room felt really empty, at the same time I felt elated to be back
in the city I loved. I felt so torn, so confused.

"I don't think I want to do this," I said as we FaceTimed.

"How do you know? You've only been there for a few hours. What have you done
but going from the airport to the hotel? Nothing. Give it a few days love. I
know you will change your mind."

"I don't know, I have so many doubts."

"The only way to know is to do it. A very wise woman told me that once."

"Don't use my words against me, that's not cool." I chuckled. In my heart I
knew he was right, it just felt wrong. We talked for about an hour about how
much fun the girls were having at the farm and how his case was going. It felt
like I was home for a moment, it felt good. Afterwards I poured myself a wine
and stood on the balcony for a while. Underneath me people were laughing,
having fun. Across the street a band was playing jazz. I took a deep breath,
decided to at least stay a few days longer. "If I still want to go home I still
can," I thought.

The next morning I had to remind myself where I was, the doors to the balcony
were still open, the curtains flowing in the breeze blowing inside. After
taking a shower and getting dressed I went downstairs to the restaurant for a
simple, light breakfast. In the lobby was a stand with information from all the
museums, sights and the best off all a walking route along all the best sights
in town. I decided to do that walk, I wanted to take in the _soul of Port
Verde_.

With my camera in hand I walked through the streets of Port Verde. I had to
admit it was really nice being back again, I started having fun and noticed it
was really nice to be able to do whatever I wanted without having to discuss it
with anyone. If I wanted to have a drink I just went to a bar, if I wanted to
eat I just sat down at a diner. I had gumbo, taco's or whatever whenever I felt
like it. That night I told Travis as much, he almost gloated about being right.
After our little talk I FaceTimed with my children. "I've petted a horse," the
youngest shouted. "I rode one", the eldest shouted even harder. It was clear my
children were having the time of their lives and it made me feel better about
being so far away from them.

The next morning I sat down at a bistro around the corner. One of the people
who worked there seemed to recognize me. "Welcome back," she said, "It's not
often I see tourists return."

"Who told you I was a tourist?" I asked her.

"Nobody. Just the way you dress. Only tourists were dresses every day. To you
this is a warm day, to us it's a bit on the chilly side." she chuckled.

"Ah, yeah. I'm not quite used to these temperatures. Where I'm from it's not as
hot is this."

"Don't worry about it," she said, "I just think it's funny. Just have a
question though. Are you alone here? I see your ring, but don't see the person
connected to it."

"Ah yes. My husband is still home. He's a lawyer and has a big case to prepare.
Our kids are with their grandparents and I have two weeks here. It's a win-win
for everyone."

"But doesn't he feel lonely?"

"Not really. He has to work long hours, is hardly home at all. I'm not the
person to sit home alone all day. I'm a teacher you see. These are the only
weeks I get to myself in a year."

"Oh wow. That's actually quite -- cool. Going on a holiday on your own. I
really like that. Maybe I should do the same. My partner and I like totally
different things."

"There's that. And he got a new car recently, so now I get some to spend here.
I planned on staying for two weeks, but I think I might cut it short. I really
want to be with my kids. Maybe another day or two."

"I could show you around, if you wanted to. I mean if you're only staying for
two more days." Her nameplate told me her name was Marisha and she looked nice.
In my head I heard Travis say "Maybe you'll make some friends over there." so I
accepted her offer. Marisha smiled and said "Just come back, I'm off in at noon.
And I already know what to show you today. Something that isn't in the tourist
information, something only Port Verdans know about."

"I would love that."

I spent a few hours looking at the boutiques, window shopping and taking some
photos. Around noon I went back to that bistro and Marisha waved as she helped
the last customers in line. Then she took off her apron and walked up to me. "I
must say I didn't think you would be coming back," she said.

"I didn't know I was going to," I replied with a chuckle. We left the bistro
and turned left.

"So, where do you come from?" Marisha asked.

"Bredford, it's up North. We have a lot of skiers during the winters. I hate
the winters."

Marisha chuckled "Then why Port Verde?" I told her the story about the photo in
the magazine and how I visited once. Later on I told her how it had been
Travis' idea for me to go alone. I left out the other part as I didn't think it
was any of her business. "So, your husband told you to come here. He must
really trust you."

"Oh yes, we trust each other totally. We don't have any secrets from each
other. For example, a few months back one of his assistants started dressing
more sexy. Leaning over just a little more. He asked me for advise how to blow
her off. He felt so uncomfortable by her doing that."

"Really? Any other man would just have looked and never talk about. Some men
would have accepted such an invitation. How did he manage it?"

"He asked her to stay after a meeting and told her to stop doing it. She quit
the next day. Clearly she had an agenda of sleeping her way to the top and when
my husband didn't _help_ her, she moved on. Months later we heard she got a
promotion at a new law firm. One she wouldn't have had for another year where
my husband works."

"She found her target then."

"Seems like it. All I am saying though is that he told me the day it happened.
We are totally honest to each other."

"I wish I had that. I just told my boyfriend to hit the road. He had a certain
interest in my sister. One day I got home early and found them in bed together.
My sister had the gall to ask me to join them. She's such a slut, give her a
drink and she sucks their cock. That was a few months ago."

"How is it now between your sister and you?"

"She's still my sister. So I forgave her and we're talking again. I won't
forget however, but staying mad doesn't help either of us."

"That's really mature of you."

"Mature? Are you saying I'm old?"

"No, no! Not at all. I mean, you're about my age aren't you?"

"And what age would that be?"

"About 29.

"You're on my good side again," Marisha chuckled, "I think I might like you.
Oh, it's over there. The best gumbo in town. Hey Tony! Got some for me and my
friend?"

"Always Marisha. Two gumbo coming up." Tony laughed.

Moments later we sat down at the tables in front of the food truck. From where
we were sitting we could see the ocean. I just loved the view and the food was
more than delicious, it was magical. "This is really good," I said as I was
taking a bite, "I have to remember this place."

"Yep, and the best thing is hardly any tourist knows about it. It's a bit out
of the way. Tony chose this spot because of it's location. People have to find
him or know about him. That way he can keep up the quality of his food and
doesn't have to change for quantity. I respect him for it."

"This is really good. I have to admit."

We sat there for a while longer before we walked back through streets I had
never been in before. "Oh we have to check this. This is _the Black Rose_, the
most exclusive boutique in Port Verde. You have to see their dresses." As she
opened the door an antique bell attached to the door rang. Inside was totally
different world. Retro dresses from the 1920s, 1940s and the 50s. A wall filled
with the highest heels I had ever seen. Further in the back a rack with all
sorts off stockings, tights and garter belts. I blushed a little when I saw the
bustiers and corsets. "This shop is owned by a friend of mine," Marisha said,
"Ashley took over a few years ago. If she hadn't a monument would have closed
it's door forever. All the dresses are hand made by the best seamstresses
around. Through her they still have a job. Ashley modernized a part of the
business by going online. Now the products sell all over the world."

I took another look at the dresses. They were so well made and the prizes were
accordingly. I could spend all the money I had for the two weeks on just one
dress. And the shoes? I would feel so guilty buying pair of them. I walked
around for a while when a woman in her late forties appeared through a curtain
in the back. "Sorry, I didn't hear you come in. Welcome to _the Rose_. How can
I help you?"

"I just wanted to show you off, Ashley."

"Marisha! I didn't see you there. How are you?"

"I'm doing okay. How's Brianna?"

"Like she's always been. Busy doing this and that."

"I love these dresses," I interrupted, "Marisha said they are all hand made?"

"Yes, they are. Well, with the help of a sewing machine. But nothing
industrial, just one seamstress per dress. This one took a month to create. And
we can fit them easily. The best thing about them is you are sure there is only
one of them in the whole world."

"Oh, I could never afford a dress like that."

"You are married? I saw the ring. Did your husband ever buy a new car?"

"Yes, he did. A few weeks ago. Why?"

"You could have three of these for the price of one car. So why is he the only
one allowed to have something a little more _expensive_?"

"If you say it that way," I chuckled, "But I will still have to talk to him
about it first. We don't buy expensive things without talking about it."

"Admirable. I wish my ex was like that. No, he just bought one car after the
other. I just had to kick him to the curb. Spending my well earned money? No
way."

"Yeah, yeah," Marisha interrupted, "That was almost 20 years ago, Ashley. Ever
since then you spend your well earned money on boy toys."

"Well, a girl as her needs," Ashley chuckled, "You know what? You two should
come to the Nip tonight. It's ladies night and it should be a lot of fun. I will
call Brianna to make arrangements. What do you say?"

"A night of dancing and drinking. I never say no to that." Marisha cheered.

"I don't know. I FaceTime with my husband every evening. I just can't --"

"Didn't he tell you to have fun?" Marisha said.

"Sure, but --"

"No buts. He told you to have fun and going dancing is fun, isn't it? Just call
him and tell him you're going dancing. If he was serious about it he won't
blame you."

I thought about it and asked for a moment. I went outside, called my husband
and it took a time for him to pick up. "Hey darling," he said, "What a
surprise. How are you? Having fun?"

"That's why I'm calling you. I've met this girl today and now I'm invited to a
ladies night at a club somewhere. If I go we can't have our _date_ tonight and I
didn't want to say yes without talking to you."

"Are you telling me you made a friend?"

"I wouldn't go that far. She's fun, but I wouldn't call her a friend."

"Then go and have fun. We can FaceTime tomorrow and you'll have something to
talk about. I have a lot to do anyway."

"Did you hear from the kids today?"

"Yeah, I called them earlier today. Darcy is totally into riding horses now.
According to my mother she's really good at it too. Charlie is still a little
scared of the chickens but she's getting better. She loves petting the ponies
though."

"So sweet. Thank you darling for everything. I might stick around for a while
longer."

"I was sure you would. Go and have some fun. Don't worry about me or the kids.
We're okay and want you to be happy. Darcy said so today, she asked about you
and said 'I hope she's having fun too.' Maybe call them before you go to that
party."

"I will. I would love to hear their voices again."

We talked for a few minutes longer before Travis had to back to work and I went
inside the boutique again. "Seems he is okay with it. So what do we do now?"

"Now we meet outside the club. I will pick you up at eight," Marisha said.

"Nine okay? I want to call my kids tonight and they go to bed around eight. I
promised to tell them a bedtime story."

"Nine it is." Ashley answered.

For the rest of the day Marisha showed me around Port Verde and I discovered
small restaurants I would never have found on my own. She told me stories I had
never heard before, not so much about the history but more about the people
currently living their. We sat down in a bar where a band was playing jazz.
"That's old man Dizzy. He's a legend around these parts. Without his guitar
he's just another man. But when he's playing? He's magic."

After having dinner I went back to the hotel, took a shower and with a towel
covering my hair I FaceTimed with my daughters. They couldn't stop talking
about what they had done all day. "What about you mom? Did you do something
fun today?" the eldest asked.

"I might have made a friend here," I replied, "She's fun and I'm going to a
party tonight. Isn't that fun?"

"Yes, I want to go to a party too," she replied, "Can I go too?"

"No baby. It's late and you need to go to bed. Did you brush your teeth? And
your hair? Okay. Let's go to bed and I will read you both that story. It's one
I got from my friend here. It's a good story." I watched as they got into their
bed. My mother-in-law held up the phone as she tucked them in. She placed the
phone on the nightstand in the middle and I started reading the story. Only
halfway through they both were sound asleep and Tracy picked up the phone,
slipped out the room and whispered "They're sleeping. Send me that story
tomorrow and I will tell them the rest."

"Thank you."

"Now get ready for that party. Have fun."

I chose a dress to wear, brushed my hair and did my makeup. At nine sharp the
lobby called to tell me Marisha was there to pick me up. As I went down in the
elevator I got really anxious. It had been such a long time ago since I last
went out dancing alone, even longer if you took a club into account. Did I
really want to do this? I took a deep breath and watched the numbers go down on
the display above the doors.

Marisha waved when she saw me get out of the elevator. "You look nice," she
said as she took my arm. Together we walked through the streets of Port Verde
until we reached _The Evening Nip_, according to Marisha the hottest place in
town.

"I'm so nervous. It's been a while since I went to a club. I wasn't even
married back then."

"Wow, then it's about time. And it's ladies night! We're going to have fun!"
She cheered loudly and I just had to laugh. She made me feel better about going
there. We talked about small things as we walked, taking away the last of my
reservations. I actually started looking forward to it. "Ah, Ashley is waiting
for us over there. Hey Ash! Over here!" Ashley waved and walked up to us. The
three of us walked the rest of the way together and I started to enjoy myself.
Back home I didn't have friends like this. They all had their own families and
the closed I came to dancing was going to a ball once a year. This made me feel
young again, like the girl I was before I got married and became a mother. More
over I realized how much I had missed it.

Passing the line of people waiting to go inside made me feel a little guilty,
but both women next to me didn't think it was much to worry about. The bouncer
recognized Ashley and we were let in without even a question. "Why did he just
let us in?" I asked.

"Well, it helps if the owner is your sister," Marisha laughed.

"What? The owner is your sister?"

"No, the owner is Ashley's sister. Twins even. Brianna is the younger one."

"Just by three minutes!" Ashley protested, "My parents thought it was funny to
start my name with an A and hers with a B."

"Ah, never thought of it." I said.

As we passed the lobby where we got our order cards we stepped into the club
itself. To the left was a seating area. Almost all the tables were occupied by
women chatting and drinking wine. In the back was a large, circular bar. Behind
the bar were muscled bartenders only wearing a bow tie and speedos, much to the
enjoyment of the women at the bar. To the right of the bar was a door leading
to room decorated as a theater, with seats and a podium in the back. We sat
down there and Marisha went to the bar to get us some drinks. "If you go up
that stairs you can find the dance floor and another bar. Brianna took her time
redecorating all of this when she bought it. This was totally different before
she bought it. Your typical story of the girl working the bar buying the place
and totally changing it. Before she bought the place it was almost bankrupt.
Now you can walk on the heads if you wanted to. People are lining up just to
get in. I am so proud of her. But don't ever tell her that, I wouldn't hear the
end of it."

Marisha returned with our drinks and we talked some more. Then the lights
changed and a man walked on the stage. We turned our attention to him. "Ladies,
welcome to Ladies Night in the Evening Nip. To celebrate our very first we have
something very special for you girls. Please welcome _Dancing Bear_!." All the
ladies cheered, the music started and a muscular man stepped on the podium. He
started dancing and every time he removed some clothes the women cheered.
In the end he put a towel around his waist and with just one pull he held his
speedo in his hand, which made the women cheer even harder.

As the first one stepped off stage to go through the crowd another man stepped
on stage. Slowly the first one made his way to us, removing his towel at the
tables. When he reached us he stood next to Marisha, moving his hips making his
dick sway. Marisha giggled and took it in her hand. She looked cheekily at me
and leaned forward. Without thinking she took it in her mouth. The man placed
his hand on her hand and pushed it in deeper. I could hear Marisha gagging and
as she pulled away she burst into laughter. The man went over to the next
tables and Marisha took a sip from her wine. She cheered loudly and Ashley
clapped. I was a little in shock, this wasn't what I had expected it would be.

It didn't take long for the second stripper to make his rounds and another man
to appear on stage. In the end six of them were making their rounds. One of
them stopped next to me and I shook my head. Marisha and Ashley nodded their
heads for encourage me to have fun with him. "Go on Laura, do it!" Marisha
shouted. I kept shaking my head. "I give you total freedom. No restrictions, no
repercussions" I heard Travis say in my head. "I know I can't give you what you
need." followed shortly. About ten minutes later a dark man stood near me, my
ultimate fantasy. Hesitantly I reached out and squealed as I touched his lid, a
rush went through my body. Then I closed my fingers around it, I was holding a
big black cock in my hand. I couldn't believe what I was doing. I pulled away
and he made his way to another table.

All around us women were having fun, grabbing the penises, playing with them,
some even took out their boobs to place it between them. Then I saw more and
more women take the now fully erect penises in their mouths. The longer I
watched this happening the more uncomfortable I felt. Deep inside I really felt
like I wouldn't be able to resist doing what all the other women were doing.
The longer it went on I knew I was going to do something I would regret later.
In order to protect myself I got up and went to the bathroom. I locked myself
in a stall, feeling so conflicted. On the one hand I wanted to have some fun,
wanted to be able to just let go. On the other hand I knew I couldn't. "What
are you thinking?" I whispered to myself, "You can't do that. You're married
for God's sake. Come one Laura, take a hold of yourself. I can't think this
way."

After sitting there for a few minutes, I walked over to where the sinks were
and looked at myself in the mirror. "Don't you think that way," I thought,
"You be strong and resist these urges." I cleaned myself a little, shook my
head and looked at myself in the mirror one last time. "You can do this," I
told myself, "You're strong. Now go out there and have some fun!" With renewed
determination I went back to our table. In the mean time either one of the
women I was with had gotten another round of wine and I sat down again. I
cheered with the other women, I clapped, started to laugh and actually had some
fun with it. "If those women don't care, why should I?" I thought to myself.

At some point Marisha tapped me on my shoulder and as I turned around I was
confronted by the biggest penis I had ever seen. The stripper was swaying in
front of my face. Without thinking I grabbed it and closed my mouth around it.
I felt it go deeper down my throat, making me gag on it. Next to me I could
hear Marisha and Ashley cheer. "You go girl!" Marisha shouted, followed by a
"Who would have thought?" by Ashley. I pressed my head forward, took that
wonderful dick as deep as it could go. I wanted it, I needed it. I started
sucking it, rolling my tongue around the shaft, the crown. I tasted so good as
it slid up and down my throat. I didn't want to stop. The stripper pulled away,
smiled at me and went on to another table. I took a big sip of my wine,
high-fived Marisha and laughed. Then out of nowhere the guilt set in. What had
I done? I had tried so hard not to give in and still I had. What was wrong with
me? I acted like nothing was the matter for the rest of the night, ignored my
feelings about what had happened.

Back in the hotel room the wall of guilt came crumbling down on me. I just
crawled into a fetus position to comfort myself. Tears were dangling down my
cheeks. I had done the one thing I always said I wouldn't do. I had cheated on
my husband, drunk or not. I resisted the urge to call him right that moment, it
was around 1 am where I was which meant it was around 4 am his time. I just
couldn't wake him at that hour of the night. Tried my hardest to get some
sleep, but I woke up about every five minutes. The longer the night lasted the
more I panicked and the night lasted for a long long time.

Finally it was 7 am his time. About the normal time for Travis to wake up. My
nerves were raging as I picked up my phone. I stared at his picture for a long
time before I tapped it. The dial tone sounded like thunder strikes every time
it sounded. Then a very sleepy husband answered "Hey, this is a surprise."

"Did I wake you?"

"Yes, but I needed to get up anyway. What's up?"

"I needed to hear your voice. I've hardly slept all night."

"Why? What happened?" Travis knew me well enough to know that I only didn't
sleep whenever I was worried about something. Combined with the fact I called
this early meant something was wrong. We both knew that.

"I did something stupid. I am so sorry, I tried so hard." Tears started rolling
down my cheek again and my voice broke.

"Hey, hey. Don't cry. Tell me." Travis said and even through the phone he knew
how to calm me down. "It's going to be okay," he said.

"Is it? I don't know. I just --"

"Tell me what happened first and let me decide, okay?"

"Okay. You know that girl I met the other day. The one I texted you about?
Well, she took me to than club last night to go dancing. It was ladies night so
I didn't think much of it. Now, we sat down at a table when they announced a
male stripper act."

"Yes, so? What are you saying? You had some fun watching men undress?"

"Yes, but that's not the point. At some point those men started walking through
the audience, waving their -- thing at the women. I -- I don't know how to put
this, so I will just say it. I might have gone too far."

"What do you mean?"

"I -- I might have given one of those men a blow job."

"What? Really?"

"I am so sorry. I don't know what happened. I tried so hard to resist. I even
went to the bathroom to get a hold of myself. But all of a sudden it was right
there in front of my face and before I knew it -- I am so so sorry."

Travis was quiet for a long time. I asked him multiple times to say something,
I could hear him sigh on the other end. "So," he said finally, "You were at a
party with male strippers and you sucked a cock! Is that what you are telling
me?" I could hear the anger in his voice and started to cry again. "No, no
Laura. Don't you cry. I -- I can't believe this!" I could here he was getting
up.

"Please honey, talk to me! I am so sorry, I had a few glasses of wine and all
the other women --"

"I don't care about the other women! I just have one question for you and you
answer that truthfully, you hear?"

"Yes," I replied with a small voice.

"Did you like it?"

"What?"

"You heard me. Did you like sucking his cock?"

I didn't know how to respond to that question. It was totally not what I
expected him to ask. I threw me off and I answered "Why are you asking me
that?"

"Because we both know this has been a fantasy of yours for a long time. Come on
Laura, admit it. All those times we role played? I was never just Travis. I was
Paul the plumber or Jason the yoga instructor, but never just Travis. You
always had your eyes closed when you moaned those names. Sugar, why did you
think I brought up this trip?"

"What? I don't understand."

Travis took a deep breath and said "I've thought long and hard about us. About
why you always needed me to be someone else. Then all of a sudden it struck me.
I'm not enough for you, I alone can never ever satisfy your needs. And it took
me some time but I'm okay with that. All I want is for you to be happy and if
that means I have to give you some _freedom_, I am willing to do that. What
happened last night only proves my point. Without even us talking about this,
your subconscious won and you satisfied a need you've always felt."

"I still don't understand."

"Okay, I don't want to sound possessive, because you know how I feel about that.
You are my best friend, my wife, but I don't _own_ you and therefore I can
never allow you to do anything. All I can do is give you room and freedom to
explore. In return I only expect you the be honest with me, to never hide
anything. Because I feel that if I don't do this, I will eventually loose you."

"I will never loose me, I love you."

"That's what Omar at work said too. Until his wife admitted she had been
cheating on him for almost two years. I've talked to her a few months ago, we
met for a case I was working on. We've known each other since high school. I
just asked her why. You know what she said? She said he never satisfied me, he
only satisfied himself and went to sleep. I got so frustrated over time I just
lost it one day. The risk of getting caught only made it more attractive to
her. Now I'm not saying you are like her, but I did see the same signals."

"Okay, so what are you telling me?"

"That I'm not angry. I love you. I want to make you happy and if this is what
makes you happy I am willing to accept that. I just don't want you to hide it."

"But I don't. We promised each other to always be honest and I called you the
moment I knew you were awake. I didn't want to call you in the middle of the
night."

"Oh baby, you can call me any time you want. And I do appreciate you telling me
now, I really do."

"So you're not mad at me for doing what I did?"

"No, I am -- happy for you. Was it fun? Did you like it?"

"It -- it was okay, I guess. I --"

"Be honest with me."

"Okay, I liked it. I wanted it, I needed it. I didn't want it to stop."

"That's my girl. Now, I need to get ready for work. Are you okay now?"

"I don't know. It's a lot to process."

"I understand. All I wanted to say is don't feel guilty about it. This holiday
is a carte blanche for you. You do whatever you need to do and then come back
to me. I love you so much Laura, I never want to lose you."

"I love you to Travis. I love you so so much. Thank you. You're my best friend
and my husband. That will never ever change. You're the father of my children,
the best gift I ever had. I love you so much it hurts sometimes. I don't know
what will happen if I stay here, so I will be home tomorrow. I just want to see
you again, hold you in my arms."

"How ever much I would love that, you stay there. I still have a lot of work
and I'm working late every night. This is a bigger case than we expected it to
be. So you just stay there, the kids are having a great time so don't worry
about them. I see you in a week. I love you Laura, I really do."

"I know, love you too. Bye honey, have a good day at work." I dropped the phone
on the bed next to me. Got up and walked over to the balcony. The breeze coming
from the ocean made my gown flutter and I took a deep breath. The city below
was waking up and I watched as the people started preparing for another day. As
the sun slowly rose I started to smile. Even though we were a thousand miles
apart I had never felt closer to the man I loved.

As the sun was rising I didn't want to go back to bed. The whole conversation
with Travis played over and over again through my head. Did he really mean what
he said? I felt so confused. I took a shower and decided to take a day for
myself and go to the beach. An hour later I spread my plaid on the warming sand
nearby a group of young men playing volleyball. I spent some time watching them
before I started covering myself with sun lotion. I laid down enjoyed the rays
of the sun on my skin. All that time my thoughts went back to what Travis had
said. Right at that moment a ball landed next to me, splashing sand all over my
body. One of the young men ran towards me to get that ball. Seeing his muscular
torso so close to me did something to me, something that I shouldn't feel.

"Oh hi," he said, "Sorry about that. We'll be more careful."

"It's okay," I replied as I was brushing of the sand on my body. His eyes went
all over me, in stead of feeling offended I felt flattered. Flattered that such
a young man still was interested in me, a mother of two. Our gazes met, he
smiled and ran off, throwing the ball to the team on the other side of the net.
I raised myself up, watched him run, jump and smash that ball. To see his
muscles move the way they did excited me. Travis voice sounded in my head
_if that means I have to give you some freedom_. A smile came on my face and I
just kept watching them play. Enjoying the scenery, so to say.

That boy kept glancing over a few times and whenever I could I just smiled back
at him. Thirty minutes later we retreated to somewhere a little more
_secluded_, just talking at first. Talking turned into kissing, kissing turned
into him cupping my breasts and me jerking his cock. "Let's go somewhere a
little more -- private" I whispered in his ear. He said he knew the perfect
spot and guided me to a spot in the dunes. "Nobody can see us here," he said
and took me into his arms. Feeling those muscular arms around me send all kinds
of thrills through my body. I wanted him so much, but I felt something holding
me back. I just couldn't go through with it. I just wasn't as ready as I
thought I was.

"I -- I can't," I said, grabbed my things and ran. I rushed off as fast as I
could, off the beach, back to the hotel. In my room I jumped into the shower,
scolding myself that I had let it go so far. I couldn't believe what I was
doing, a married mother of two and a happily married at that.
