# My Dirty Little Secret
_erotic tales by Transgirl_

## Hooking Wife
We had been married for almost four years when it all started to change for the
both of us. As with everything even our marriage grew stale and we started
looking for some excitement to spice things up. We first tried to implement
date night, every Friday we went out to a movie or to dinner. As we both had
demanding jobs this did make things a little better for us, just by spending
some quality time together did miracles at first.

Implementing date-night was a good step in the right direction, we loved going
out for dinner or a movie and sometimes we did both. We soon realized however
that just spending time together once a week wasn't enough. For six days we our
lives were spent next to each other, if we saw the other one for an hour a day
we counted ourselves lucky. And because we both were tired when we finally did
come home our sex life suffered too, it ground to a halt to he honest. Saying
we had sex once a month it would have been exaggerated.

As with every couple we had our fights, but the longer this status quo lasted
the bigger and more frequent they got. Something had to be done or our marriage
wouldn't have lasted and I can only speak for myself but I started to get
really annoyed with him, sometimes over the smallest of things like not putting
the cap back on the toothpaste or not getting the mail in time, stupid little
things like that.

During one of our fights it was my husband who said "Well, maybe we just should
end all of this and go our own ways then? Is that what you want?" No, that
wasn't at all what I wanted, I still loved him with all my heart. I didn't want
o loose him, I wouldn't know what to do without him. He had been there for me
though my darkest days when my parents passed away. It was him who staid with
me through all of it, the funerals, the trials of the drunk driver who had hit
them, all of it. It was during that time I fell in love with him, at that time
he was just a friend and he didn't have to be there for me but he did and never
ever complained.

If someone falls for you in your darkest hours it must be real love and I still
think that's true. I sat down at the kitchen table, doing my best not to cry
and said "No, I don't want that. Not at all, but we have to do something. When
you asked me to marry you was one of the best days of my life, after everything
that happened the sun came out again that day. I love you so much, I really do,
but _this_, this has to change. This is not good for the both of us."

He sat down next to me and in a calm voice he said "So, what do you want to
do? Is there something we can do?"

I thought for a moment and said "Well, we haven't gone on a holiday since our
honeymoon. Maybe we could do that. Just the two of us going somewhere nice for
a week or two. Relax and just be together."

"That's not a bad idea," he replied, "No, that's a great idea! I've got quite
some time accumulated and so do you if I'm not mistaken. Let's do it."

I felt the butterflies in my belly rise up "Really? You want this too? You
don't know how happy this makes me. Where should we go?"

"Well," he said, "You always told me about that cabin in the woods you went to
when you were young. We've never been there and I would love to see if for
myself. Maybe I could even dust off my camera again, take some nice pictures.
We could go sailing, swimming --"

"Cook dinner on the grill," I interrupted him, "Just like my dad used to do.
Those were magical days, they really were. I loved going there so much. Let's
see if it still exists, I want to go to that same cabin."

We opened my laptop and started looking for cabins near Lake Omatoga about 500
miles from where we lived. All I could remember was a large tree with a swing
and a small wooden pier from which we could jump into the water. My father had
always rented a boat when we were there to go out fishing and when he came back
he prepared and cooked the fish he had caught. I always felt so proud of him
and saw him with that big smile on his face again. It made me feel happy and
sad at the same time remembering those times.

Six weeks later it was finally time to go. That cabin still was there, it had
been renovated and remodeled but I was sure it was the same one. The large tree
was gone but the people we contacted said it was taken down a few years earlier
to prevent it from falling down. The thing that sold it to me was a photo of
the small boat landing, it was exactly how I remembered it. Travis was busy
packing the car with all the suitcases and I was finishing the last one.

Just knowing we were about to go on a small vacation had been enough for us to
start being a couple again, the fights had diminished and we both got more
excited the closer it got. Even our dog Oskar was excited and kept barking from
his spot in the car as if to tell us to hurry up. Finally it was time to go and
the moment I stepped outside I heard the shutter sound coming from Travis'
camera. "Why on earth did I ever stop doing this?" he asked and I didn't have
an answer for him.

About 8 hours later we arrived at the cabin. There it was and from the side we
approached it it looked exactly how I remembered it. I felt the shock of
recognition and couldn't believe we actually were there. I fully expected my
dad to rush out as he did when we came over for a visit, but that wouldn't
happen and I knew that. The changes were mostly on the inside, the kitchen had
been modernized, the furniture had changed, just the normal changes you would
expect after almost 12 years since the last time I had been there.

There was a note on the table welcoming us to the cabin and setting some ground
rules for us. "No smoking inside. No loud music after 9PM." and things like
that. For the rest it was basically a free zone. The nearest neighbors were
about a mile from us, that's what had attracted my parents to this area in the
first place and it was nice to see that hadn't changed with the new ownership.

After clearing out the car and letting Oskar explore the house and the
immediate surroundings we headed into the small town about 15 miles away to get
some groceries. Milton Falls hadn't changed a bit, the grocery store only had
changed name but it was still where I remembered it to be. Driving through that
small town felt like coming home to me.

Travis staid in the car with Oskar while I did the grocery shopping and an hour
later we sat down at a small restaurant to get some dinner. The waitress even
brought a bowl of water for Oskar who calmly laid at my feet. After dinner she
even gave him a free doggy chino as she called it, basically a paper cup with
whipped cream. Oskar barked thanks to her and wagged his tail. "You're so
welcome," she replied with a laugh.

When we arrived at the cabin I put away the groceries as Travis was doing his
best to open a bottle of wine, then we sat down in the chairs on the front
patio overlooking the lake. "My dad used to park the boat right there," I said
as I pointed to the left side of the pier, "He always was so proud when he
returned with a big fish. He loved fishing and he would have loved taking you
out there." I said feeling a bit sad.

"I would have loved to go with him," Travis replied, "I don't particularly like
fishing but I would have gone anyway. Just to please him. I'm so sorry I never
got to meet him."

"He would have loved you," I replied, "I'm sure of it. He always wanted a son,
but my mother had complications after I was born and they had to take out her
uterus to safe her. That's why she always was so protective of me I'm sure. Oh
how I hated it back then, but now as I'm getting older I think I understand."

I kept reminiscing those times and told Travis where the big tree had been.
"The ropes must have been fifteen feet or so, it was a magical swing,
especially when my father pushed me. It felt like I was flying." Remembering
that swing made me giggle and a peace came over me I can't really explain. It
felt like my parents were there with us, giving us the okay. I started to cry
and when Travis asked I said "My parents are here, I'm sure of it and they are
sending love to us. I can feel it, can't explain it, but I feel it. They are
okay, Travis, they are telling me it's all okay."

He took me in his arms and let me cry, somehow being at that cabin had made it
possible for me to give their passing a spot in my life. I finally was ready to
move on and I looked up mouthing "Thank you, I love you" to my parents. That
night we had some _quality time_ in bed for the first time in weeks, I realized
how much I had missed it and how much I needed it.

The next day was a beautiful day and I went for an early morning swim. Travis
was still sleeping as I sneaked out of bed. I got my bikini from the closet and
quietly walked down the stairs. In the downstairs bathroom I changed and walked
onto that pier. I felt like I was 12 again, excited to jump off and with a
small run I did so all over again. The water was pleasant and with a soft
chuckle I came up out of the water again. From the shore I heard that shutter
sound again and I turned my head towards it.

Travis stood there with a huge smile on his face saying "Thought I was sleeping
did you? No Missy I was wide awake." I chuckled and went for a short swim, when
I came out of the water Travis took some more photos of me and I told him to
stop. Deep inside though I didn't want him to stop, not at all. "Just one
more," he said, "You look so beautiful right now." I turned around and posed
for him arcing my back a little, one leg a little bend and resting on my toes.
He took another photo and I said "That's it, I'm taking a shower."

That day we went for a hike, something Oskar really liked to do. He ran far
ahead only to wait for us, when we finally were close enough he ran again. It
was so beautiful there in the mountains surrounding the lake. Travis kept
taking pictures of the landscape, but mostly of me and some of Oskar. It was
nice to see that twinkle in his eyes again, he was doing what he loved to do
and he was so good at it too. On our wall hung one of the first photos he took
off me on our honeymoon, despite everything I felt so happy that day and he was
able to capture that moment perfectly.

But somehow there had always been that sadness in me, hiking that trail made me
realize that sadness was gone. Sure I still missed my parents and it still
hurt, but I wasn't sad anymore. I can't really explain it, but that's how I
felt. As far as I was concerned my parents had told me they were happy now and
I didn't need to feel sad anymore. It was the strangest feeling.

"Look at this!" Travis shouted and he showed me a photo he had just taken of a
butterfly. "It came flying to the flower I was aiming at and just rested there
for me." It was a Painted Lady, my mothers favorite and I saw it as another
sign. "That was my mothers favorite," I sighed, "Painted Lady they call it."

He looked at me and said "And now we have a title for this photo." I smiled and
told him to enlarge it when we got home. "I want it on our wall," I said, "As
an homage to my mother." Travis nodded and we walked on.

It was already getting dark when we arrived back at the cabin. Travis cooked
some stakes on the grill whilst I was making some mashed potatoes. Oskar had
already finished his dinner and laid down on the plush pile rug in the living
area, he was clearly very tired from running all day.

We had a lovely dinner sitting outside the cabin, just enjoying the rippling
water off the lake. We went to bed a little early as we both were spent, but
that didn't keep us from _enjoying_ some physical contact. It was like we were
getting to know each other again, it felt so exciting again and I loved feeling
his hands all over my body. As I sat on top of him, I lowered down and
whispered in his ear "Travis, I want a baby. I want your baby." He put his arms
around me and kissed me.

The next morning I stood in the bathroom with the strip of pills in my hand, I
looked at myself in the mirror and put it back into toiletry bag. I sighed and
nodded, I was sure I wanted to do this, I was ready to be a mother. As I was
getting dressed I heard the door open and Oskar came barking in. "Had a good
walk?" I said to him as I scratched his head.

Travis followed shortly and said "I've rented a boat for the day. We are going
sailing, I'm teaching you how to sail." Seeing him that excited made me excited
too. "It's been so long since I've sailed," he said, "Oh my God, why didn't we
go here sooner? I love it here. They even gave us a vest for Oskar for the day,
they were so great. Come on, change into something more practical than a dress
we are going."

Almost an hour later the wind was pushing our boat and I laid on the bench as
Travis was steering the boat. Oskar was sitting in the front of the boat, the
wind blowing through his hair. At first I was afraid of him falling in the
water but it was like he knew not to get close to the edge and I relaxed a
little more. He barked at every boat that passed us and they all waved back at
him. He was having the best time.

I took the camera and took a few photos of Travis sailing the boat, in one of
them he was looking up at the sails. It was so nice to see him this relaxed and
I felt the butterflies in my belly again. It was such a beautiful day and I
took off my sweater and yoga pants. I got a towel from the cabin and spread it
out on top. I laid down to catch some sun as Travis was sailing the boat.

After a while we stopped at one of the islands in the middle of the lake. It
was prohibited to go ashore, so we just stayed where we were and looked at the
wildlife around us. There were eagles flying and all kinds of other birds, when
they got to close Oskar warned them not to get any closer. Travis took some
photos of me laying on the boat and I just posed for them. Suddenly I felt an
urge and after I checked if anyone was close I pulled the triangles to the
side, exposing my naked breasts to the camera. A shutter sound betrayed Travis
taking a photo of me topless. It felt so exciting and I turned my upper body
towards him and looked straight into the camera. Another photo was taken.

From the corner of my eye I could see some movement and I quickly rearranged my
top so my breasts were covered once more. I started to giggle from the release
of tension and Travis just roared laughing. "I would never have thought," he
exclaimed. I just smiled naughtily at him. We spent up to an hour there before
we sailed to the other side of the lake, to a town called Fort Dix.

Fort Dix was way bigger than Milton Falls and when we saw Main Street for the
first time we knew we were going there at least once while we were there. Main
Street was filled with bars, clubs and restaurants. Even during the day live
music was played everywhere. There was just such a good vibe there. We staid
for almost three hours before we had to go back as we had to return the boat.

When we arrived back I went inside with Travis. "Did you have a good time?" the
girl at the counter asked. "The best," Travis replied. To which I responded "Is
the boat available for the next couple of days? Let's say until next Thursday?"

The girl was a little surprised by my question, checked it and said "As a
matter of fact it is. Would you want to rent it for that period? We could give
a reduction if you rent it for that period."

"You hear that Travis? We get a reduction if we rent it for the next couple of
days. What do you say? Would you like to park it where my dad used to park his
boat?" Travis hugged me and said "You know I would. Yes, we would love to rent
it for the next couple of days, heck yes." A few minutes later I drove our car
as Travis sailed the boat back to the cabin. When I arrived he was already
securing the boat to the small dock and waved when he saw me arrive. When I
opened the door Oskar jumped out and ran barking towards Travis, it was like he
hadn't seen him for ages.

When sun was going down Travis took a beautiful photo of the dock, the pier and
the boat bobbing in the water. Even though the screen on the back was small I
could see how beautiful it was. "Thank you," he said and kissed me. It had been
such a long time since I had seen him this happy. The next couple of days we
spent mostly on the water and Travis taught me how to sail, we just had the
best time together.

On the eighth day we woke up early, as we were having breakfast I said "You
know what I have always dreamed about since I was little?"

"No."

"Well, one summer my nieces and nephews came to visit. And one of them told me
about something I had never heard about. I didn't dare to do it, not with my
parents around at least. I think I want to do it today." I smiled at him
mysteriously, got up and took off my dress. Totally naked I walked over to the
pier and as I walked towards the end I could hear a shutter sound, Travis was
taking pictures as I walked naked to the water edge. I stopped, placed one foot
in front of me resting on my toes, my hip went way to the left and I posed like
that for a moment. Another shutter sound and I walked towards the end.

I waited for a moment and jumped. When I came up again I shouted "Skinny
dipping! That's what I always wanted to do here. And now I've done it! Come on
in! The water is great!" Travis got undressed to and ran towards me, with a big
splash he landed in the water too. When he came up again we both laughed and we
kissed. I pulled myself up on the wooden pier again and Travis got a closer to
me. I spread my legs and he placed his hands on either side of me, pulled
himself up to kiss me. I giggled as he fell back in the water.

Not long after he came out too and got on top of me, staring into his eyes my
hand went down on him. Within seconds he was hard and I guided him inside me.
"Make me pregnant," I whispered, "I stopped taking the pill. I want your baby
Travis. I want to give you the biggest present I can ever give you, a child."

He just leaned down and kissed me as he entered me. "Oh yes," I panted, "Make
me pregnant, come inside me. I want you to." He started pumping and I closed my
legs around him, my hands on his butt cheeks. He slammed his love pole deep
inside me and I moaned loudly with every thrust. When he was about to come, I
kissed him and said "Oh yes, give it to me. Make me a mother. Oh my God, I
think I'm coming too. Yes, yes, yes, fuck me, make me pregnant!" We both
groaned deeply as we both came at almost the same time. I could feel him throb
and pulse inside me, I could almost feel every wad of cum he ejaculated inside
my fertile womb.

I knew far to well I couldn't get pregnant just yet, or at least the chances
were slim as I hadn't stopped taking the pill for long enough. It would take
some more time for that to happen, but I wanted to show Travis I was serious.

That weekend we wanted to go out and immediately Fort Dix came to mind and we
wanted to stay overnight. There was just one problem, we didn't want to take
Oskar with us and lock him up on the boat for the night. We didn't know anyone
there so we looked for a place where we could leave him for the night. We found
this place nearby where you could house your pets for a short period of time.
We went over there just to see what the situation was like and it just was
beautiful.

The yard was surrounded by high fences and there was lots of space for the dogs
to run and have fun. There weren't many dogs at that time and the woman was
more than happy to host Oskar for a night. "I think he will have a nice time
here," she said, "I love pit bulls and he seams like a nice boy." I must admit
it felt strange driving off without him being in the back of the car, it felt
like we were abandoning him but we were going to pick him up the next day.

After getting ready we boarded the boat and sailed towards Fort Dix, we arrived
there a few hours later and docked on a nice spot in the harbor. We spent the
day shopping, sight seeing and deciding where we wanted to go that evening.
Just being there, just the two of us made me fall in love with Travis all over
again. Back was his goofiness, his humor and over dinner we decided to slow
down our work schedules. We wanted more of this, being relaxed, being together
again. We just had no clue on how to do it. "Let's deal with it when we get
home," Travis said, "But I really want to do this more often. Maybe I should
just open my own practice. What do you think? Travis Davis, attorney at law. My
own little firm."

"I think I would love it, if it means you will be home more often," I replied.

"And what will you do?" he asked.

"I don't know," I replied, "All I know is that I don't want the be stuffed into
an office anymore. It this to make me realize that. I don't want anymore days
where I don't get to see the sun anymore, I want to enjoy life and not work all
the time anymore. I really don't know what to do."

"Well, I know something you could try," he said with a sinister smile on his
face. I had to ask him what before he said "You could try modeling," he said,
"You always look so great in pictures, it's true. Maybe you could earn money
that way, be your own boss." I slapped his arm and told him he was being silly,
but a seed had been planted although I didn't realize it at the time.

A few hours we were in one of the hottest spots in town, _the Invulnerable
Vagrant_, a bar with a dance floor in the back. Techno beats were blasting from
the speakers and I was watching the people on the dance floor. The lights were
mesmerizing and I was moving on my seat. Travis didn't like to dance, he did
like to watch me dance however. I leaned over to him, gave him a kiss and
joined the people dancing.

Just as I stepped on the music was in a bit of a lull and I didn't really know
what to do. The only light eliminating us was a spotlight as a female voice
sounded haunting in the darkness. Ever so slowly the beat returned and at the
critical time the DJ started the stroboscope and I started dancing in the
flashed of light. The more the beats sounded the more I lost myself in the
music, it was just me and the music. When the music slowed down again, the
stroboscope stopped and there were all these other colors off light swaying
over the crowd. The beat started up again and there we went again, dancing to
the beats, it was so good.

Through all the flashes and the swaying light I could see someone coming up to
me, a handsome man with a very nice smile. Before I knew what was going on he
stood in front of me and danced with me. At first we held our distance, but the
music was so enticing we got a little closer the longer we danced. When I felt
his hand on my waist my heart started beating faster, especially when he placed
his right leg in between mine. Slowly the music faded from one song in the
other, all there was was the beat and me dancing with some stranger right there
in front of my husband sitting mere feet from us.

When the light crossed his face I was sure I saw him smile and without thinking
I moved in a little closer to this man that was dancing with me. We started to
move our hips in synchronicity and every now and then I felt his leg against my
vulva. When the music slowed down again I realized what I was doing, excused
myself and ran into the bathroom.

I sat down in one of the booths, not believing what I was doing and how much I
had enjoyed it. I felt embarrassed that it made me moist between my legs and it
took me a minute to come to my senses. I splashed some water on my face, looked
at myself in the mirror and said to myself "What are you doing?". After
restoring my makeup I went back to the table where Travis was sitting. He
ordered me another glass of wine, leaned over and said "Why aren't you dancing
anymore. Looked like you were having fun."

I didn't dare to tell him the truth and said "Try dancing for a while in
heels." He chuckled and leaned back, but he had this look on his face I
couldn't quite place. It was like he had seen something he didn't want to share
with me and if I already knew, it was really strange. When I looked over I saw
that guy I had been dancing with had moved on to another woman and I felt a
little jealous, which startled me. How could I feel jealous of a man I didn't
even know?

We stayed for a while longer before we went to another bar. This time it was a
bar where you could have a decent conversation. In the back a small band was
playing and a woman was singing golden oldies. We sat down at the bar, ordered
another round and Travis said "I'll be right back. I'm going to check if I'm
still a boy." I chuckled and watched him walk over to the men's room.

He was gone for about a minute when the man next to me said "Hi, I'm Nolan.
Don't think I've ever seen you here before." For an opening line it was quite a
lame one, but he looked genuinely interested and I felt there wasn't an
alternate motive.

"You would be right," I said, "On a short holiday. First time in almost 5
years."

"Wow, and you chose Fort Dix? Why?"

"Well, a cabin across the lake actually. Just came here to get a few drinks."

We talked for a while and he was very charming, not to mention very handsome
with his square face covered by a 5 o'clock shadow. He was very easy to talk to
and he had this cowboy look over him. He told me he owned the local fishing
store and I thought it really suited him. We had been talking for quite a while
when I started to question where Travis was, he should have been back by now. I
looked around and saw him leaning against a wall looking at me, at us. I felt
myself starting to blush, as if I had been caught doing something bad.

"So sorry," I said to the man, "But my husband is over there and he's waiting
for me. So nice talking to you." And with that I got up, grabbed my wine and
his beer and walked over to him.

"Wow, you were having fun," he said as I approached him, "I mean, you were
actually flirting with him."

"No, I wasn't. We were just talking," I replied to which Travis chuckled and
looked at me with that look of 'sure you were'. I couldn't believe him. How
could he think that? I felt really hurt by what he said and I was going to tell
him when we got back in the boat. I was going to give him a piece of my mind.

When Travis noticed my night had been ruined he offered to go back to the boat
and I was more than happy to go. The longer it took the angrier I got and when
we finally arrived I said "How could you think I was flirting with him?"

Travis closed the door behind us and asked me to sit down. "Okay," he said,
"Promise me not to get angry. Promise me." I promised and he continued "I first
noticed it when we were at lunch the other day. Remember that nice young man
that waited on us? You were flinging your hair every time you talked to him.
Later on I noticed you arcing your back a little more than you normally do. I
thought I was seeing things, but during dinner that day you did it again."

"No, I didn't," I protested and wanted to say more but Travis gestured for me
to be quiet.

"And tonight on that dance floor? Wow you were happy to dance, but got more
excited when that man danced with you. You didn't even cringe when he looked
down your blouse and when he touched you? Man! I didn't know a woman could get
so excited by a simple touch. When you started to dance real close I was sure.
You wanted more than just a dance with him."

"What?! No!"

"Oh yes. When I came out of the restroom I saw you chatting with that other
guy. You were flinging your hair again, touching his arm, laughing at his
jokes. You were _so_ flirting with him."

"No, I wasn't"

"Oh, don't believe me? Watch this." He took out his phone and showed me a video
he had taken of me. In the video I was talking to that man again and I was
horrified to see myself flinging my hair, touching his arm and even arcing my
back a little more. I had been flirting with him! How could I? I felt
embarrassed and ashamed and wanted to go to bed.

"Maybe it's better if you sleep here," I said, "I just can't, I'm so
embarrassed."

Travis took my hand and said "Don't be. I loved it. Seeing these men interested
in _my_ wife made me feel so proud. I just kept thinking 'You can look, but
she's coming home with me.' And it was so much fun to see you having fun too.
Really. I didn't mind at all and if there is something I am not than it is
jealous. I love you and I know you love me. I know you will always return to
me in the end and that makes me feel so good."

"Really? You don't mind? But what does that make me? I'm not like that, not at
all and I feel so disgusted with myself. I really need to stop doing that."

"No, not at all. Why should you? First there are the photos you let me take of
you and now this. It all fits. There is this side of you that you either deny
or don't know exists. Either way seems wrong to me and I really think you
should explore that. Maybe there is something that really makes you happy
there."

"What do you mean? Another side to me?"

"Well, you flirt with men without realizing that you are. You arc your back a
little more whenever a man is looking at you and tonight when that man was
dancing with you I wouldn't have been surprised if you had kissed him, I really
thought you might."

"What?! Really? I would never."

"No, and I know that. But maybe you should, maybe you want to. Deep inside I
mean. I really think there's a side to you that wants, no needs to come out."

I was dumbfounded by everything he had said, not the words itself shocked me,
it was more that I felt he could be right. Somehow it all made sense and that
was what shocked me, scared me even. "But I would never cheat on you," I said
almost crying, "I would never ever --"

"I know," he interrupted, "But is it cheating if I know about it and give you
permission? Isn't that the opposite of cheating?"

Again I was flabbergasted. Did he really just say that? What did he think of
me? I quickly stood up and said angrily "Now you're definitely sleeping here. I
don't want to see you until the morning and then I will decide what will happen
next. Goodnight Travis." I turned away and went into the sleeping quarters,
locking the door behind me. I was angry, embarrassed, shocked but most of all I
knew he had been right and that made me even more angry.

The next morning I didn't speak to him, silently we sailed back to the cabin
and I got in the car to pick up Oskar on my own. He was so happy to see me
again, barking and jumping against the fence. The woman told me how much she
had enjoyed his company and invited me inside for a moment. "Your husband is
not here?" she asked.

"No, he's still at the cabin," I replied.

"Okay, I need to show you something. Please don't get angry at me or at Oskar,
he's just doing what nature tells him to do." she said as she turned the laptop
towards me. She started a video in which I saw Oskar humping her leg and as the
video played she asked "He isn't _fixed_, is he?" I shook my head.

"I always thought to let him have one go at it before we did it," I replied.

"Most people think that way. But he's at that age now and he knows not to do it
to you, you're the leader of the pack and well, your husband isn't female. So
he's doing this because he needs to let it out. Once he understood I wasn't
allowing it he stopped. Pit Bulls are so smart. But I really think you should
address this."

"I will. Thank you for showing this. But one question. Why did you record
this?"

"Oh, I've been doing this for a long time. I learned people don't believe me
when I just tell them. That's why I record it."

"Fair. I'm so sorry, I really didn't know."

After paying her for her services I apologized once more and got back in the
car. Oskar was panting right behind me and I said "What did you do? That's so
wrong. Ah, you don't even remember it anymore. Dogs have it so easy sometimes,
living in the moment. I wish I could live like that. You know what daddy said
to me?" I blurted it all out and letting it out made me feel a lot better.
Oskar responded by licking my face and I chuckled. That boy always knew how to
make me feel better.

When we arrived back at the cabin Oskar ran inside barking and jumping up at
Travis. We looked at each other and I said "I am sorry. I just needed to
process it I guess. Picking up Oskar helped me. You won't believe what that
lady showed me." And I told Travis about the video.

"You've been a bad boy," Travis said with a laugh, "You've been such a bad
boy." I couldn't help but chuckle too. Travis turned to me and said "I'm sorry
it made you feel bad, but it was the truth. Every single word of it, I meant it
all."

I just stood there and replied "I know. Just don't know what to do with it."

"Take some time," he replied, "You well get there. One way or the other, it's
all fine with me. I just want you to be happy, that's all."

Returning to the office was somewhat of a culture shock, suddenly back to
reality, back to the grind of every day life. During the first day back I got
really bored after just two hours of being there. Sure it was nice to see my co
workers again and tell them all about our little trip, but sitting at my desk
behind my computer again I realized how boring it was what I was doing. My
thoughts went back to the fun we had during our trip and how much I had enjoyed
the feeling of being free.

At the end of the day I stopped to get the groceries on the way back home. With
my mind back at the cabin I took a wrong turn, which took me while to realize.
By then I had gone so far from my beaten path I didn't really know where I was.
I parked my car near a strip mall I had never been before and opened my phone
to check how to get home. Busy with my phone I noticed some girls walking up
the sidewalk. They were dressed real sexy and wore high heels. With my eyes I
followed them until I saw them cross the street.

On the other side they took their place with some more girls that were there.
It was slowly getting dark and I wondered what they were doing there. When a
car pulled up, stopped near one of them I suddenly realized what they were
doing. They were prostitutes and the cars stopping where their _tricks_, their
_Johns_. I watched as a really pretty girl leaned over and a few seconds later
she got into the car. I should have been shocked, but I wasn't I was intrigued.

I wondered how it would feel being one of them, selling your body like that. I
kept watching for a few minutes longer and saw two other girls get into cars
before I realized I had to get home. I started the navigation app and it
directed me home again. All the way home I kept thinking about what I had seen
and was shocked by how much thinking about being one of them excited me.

We had changed date-night from going to dinner to going to a bar somewhere, but
nothing was like the Vagrant. The magic I had felt just wasn't there, but
driving 500 miles just to go to a bar was to much of a good thing. And there
was always this chance it would be disappointing.

Travis got really busy at work again and I fell into the grind too. It took us
a few months to realize we were back where we had left off before our trip and
the next week we both quit our jobs. Travis got a nice bonus when he left the
firm and I got to leave the same day as I turned in my two weeks notice. Not
even a thank you for all the time I had given them, without even one complaint
ever.

Within a few weeks Travis had opened his own practice, a nice small office
downtown and I felt like I was in one of those detective novels the first time
I went over there. He had hired an assistant, her name was Marisha, a beautiful
red head. "You must be Laura," she said the moment I walked in, "Travis told me
all about you. And there are all your photos on his desk of course. Please go
in, he's not with a client at the moment."

"Hello Marisha isn't it? So nice to meet you." I replied, "And thanks. We
should go get coffee some day. I would like to get to know you."

"Sure," she replied, "Whatever the boss's wife says." She chuckled as I entered
his office.

"Oh hey there," Travis said as he got out of his chair, "What do you think?
Nice isn't it?"

"Did Marisha decorate this?" I laughed as I could clearly see the touch of a
woman in it.

"Well, she helped. A lot." Travis laughed too, "She's amazing. She got fired at
the firm the day I left. She disclosed evidence to the other side. Evidence
that should have been disclosed when the trial started. Her morals weight more
on her than keeping her job. I admire that."

"Wow," I replied, "That takes a strong woman to do such a thing."

"It really does," he replied, "Or a strong man, of course."

"Of course darling," I answered with a cheeky chuckle, "Of course it does."

Opening a new office and me not working really took a lot out of our savings,
but Travis winning his first lawsuit more than made up for it. Wining that case
had established his name and he got more clients, but he always made sure he
was home before seven. He even had put it in the contracts he offered and his
clients had to agree to it. "After seven in the evening I'm no longer a lawyer,
I'm a husband to my wife," I heard him say once.

Because I had a hard time finding a new job and our house was a little to
expensive we decided to move into a nice apartment downtown. Leaving the
suburbs felt like stepping into life again. Simply being able to walk to the
store to get something was like a breath of fresh air. That combined with the
fact Travis could also walk to his office was another blessing for me. One of
the cut backs we had to make was to sell my car and being in the suburbs felt
somewhat of a prison to me.

Marisha had started to pick me up for lunch ever since that first time we went
out for a cup of coffee. It was clear we really liked each other and I hadn't
had a female best friend ever in my life. Sure I had friends, but never a best
friend really. Someone I could trust and who I could tell everything. Maybe it
was the way I was raised with not hanging out the dirty laundry that kept me
from doing so, but with Marisha it felt different. I felt like I could really
trust her.

That feeling was only strengthened when she told me how she had been abused by
her uncle when she was only twelve years old. How she had testified against
him. "I'm not a victim, I'm a survivor," she said, "And talking about it,
telling my story really helps me."

"I am so sorry that happened to you," I said, "What happened to your uncle?"

"During the trial it was discovered I hadn't been the only one. He had raped
multiple girls, all my age back then. He was convicted to spend the rest of his
life in jail. He'll be a very old man when he gets out."

"And your family?"

"Oh it destroyed my family. Some of them believed me and supported me, others
don't want to talk to me ever again. To them I am dead. Screw them. I know what
happened to me, I was there. And there are reports for them to see what he did
to me."

"Wow," I said, "I admire your strength. I don't know if I could be that
strong."

"Thanks," she said, "But enough about me. Tell me about you. Who is Laura,
really?"

I told her the basic story of my life. Where I was born, where I went to high
school and stuff like that. When I arrived at the part of losing my parents she
told me how sorry she was for me. "Thanks. It was a really dark time for me.
Then there all of a sudden was this guy I had seen in the hallway sometimes. He
came over one day to tell me how sorry he was. We started talking and he was
just there for me. One day he came by out of the blue. He had called my work
and they had told him I had called in sick. He rang the doorbell and when I
didn't open he called the police. He was so worried he called the police. When
they walked in they found me unconscious in bed. I had taken two bottles of my
mothers old pills, together with what was left in a bottle of my dads whiskey.
If he hadn't been there, I might not have woken up."

"Wow, really?"

I nodded and continued "He stayed with me in the hospital, listened to me, held
me, was there for me. That's when I fell in love with him. I mean if a man
falls for you in your darkest moments, it must be love right?"

"It sure is," Marisha said, "I am so happy that he found you at the right
time."

"Me too. When he proposed a year later was one of the happiest days of my life.
It was like the sun started to shine again. But I always felt this sadness
inside me. But when we went to that cabin a few months ago it was like my
parents were there with us. We used to go there every summer when I was a
child. Somehow it felt so peaceful to me and the sadness was gone. It was like
they were telling me to let them go, to be happy again, that it was okay to
just be happy." Tears rolled down my cheeks and all Marisha did was hold my
hands.

"That's so nice," she whispered, "Keep holding on to that. I'm sure they were
there, they must have been." I just nodded and from that moment on I knew I
could really trust her.

A few weeks later Travis had to work late on a case and Marisha came over for a
_girls night_. When I opened the door she stood there with two movies in her
hand "Erin Brockovich or Sleepless? You decide." she said with a smile on her
face. I replied with "Why not both? I've got the ice-cream." After the first
movie we started talking, never came to watch the second one.

"Yeah," I said, "Can you believe that? He really said that. And the worst thing
was he showed me a video of me talking to that man. I hate it when he's right."
I said after I told her what had happened on our trip.

"Wow," Marisha replied, "But I don't see the harm. Why did you get so angry?"

"I don't know," I replied, "Maybe because he's right. I did like dancing with
that guy and when he touched me -- well, let's just say my mind went somewhere
else."

"Really, you slut!" Marisha chuckled.

I blushed and said "I don't know why I did that though. I really can't explain
it."

"Okay, don't get mad at me for asking this but does he satisfy you?"

"What?"

"Does he satisfy you? You know sexually?"

"I don't know. Why?"

"That's tells me more than I need to know. If he had you would say yes, but the
mere fact that you don't know speaks louder than words. Ever thought about,
well, satisfying yourself after he's done? I have, more than once."

"I might have. Why? Isn't that normal?"

"No, why should it? Why is it only men need to be satisfied? Why not us?"

"Good question. Never thought of it that way. But you're right, why not us?" I
replied and I felt an excitement I had never felt before knowing what Travis
had said to me, remembering every single word. "So," I hesitantly continued,
"Do you think I should just do it? Flirt with other men, I mean."

"Why not? And if you want more than just flirting and Travis has no problem
with it why not go a little further and kiss him or would you want more than
that? Be honest with me."

"I really don't know. Never thought about it. But maybe Travis was right, I
mean if I was flirting all this time without knowing I did, maybe there is this
girl inside of me desperate to come out. It goes against everything I was
taught, but maybe there is that side of me. I really don't know."

A few minutes later Travis came home, Marisha went home after telling me "we'll
talk some more later". But talking to Marisha had ignited something inside me,
it kept popping back into my head for the next couple of days and the more I
thought about it the more sense it seemed to make to me. She had told me about
this website on the internet where people could openly discuss their feelings
about this. "It's a site for and by women," she said, "and only women. It's a
great community of sisters supporting sisters. I know about it because I was on
there once, way before I ever met Matthew. I still struggled with who I was and
with their help I came to terms with being bi-sexual. It's a good place to
start. You can just post there anonymously and no one will judge you."

It was a Thursday afternoon, Travis was at work and it was raining outside.
Normal for the time of year. I was feeling bored out of my mind when I
remembered Marisha talking about that site. I searched for it and when it
opened I read what they had to offer.

_Just4Women is, like the name suggests, a community of women for women. We try
to offer a safe space for all women of all ages to come together and talk about
whatever it is you are struggling with. Or just to celebrate being a female.
Whatever it is you want to share with us we welcome it. So why not register and
join us? It's free after all. And the best thing is: it's all anonymous._

A few minutes later I had registered an account under the username _Shylark_,
it was five minutes after I had logged in that I noticed the typo, I meant to
type skylark, but this felt appropriate as I did feel rather shy doing this.
The first thing I noticed was a message send to me. It was the general welcome
message that was sent to every new member welcoming me to the community.

_Welcome to J4W, Shylark. We are so glad you made it. Now there is just one
thing we need to do to confirm you are truly female. Please send us a copy of
an ID. You can black out anything identifying you like social security numbers,
your photo, your name, birth date etc. All we need are the first four numbers
of your ID card number (this represents your state) and the marker identifying
your gender (M or F). This copy will be destroyed after we have confirmed it.
This not just a promise it's a pledge from us to you. If you don't trust this
to happen you are welcome to come and inspect our servers or have someone to it
for you after we have said it was destroyed. So please send us a copy of your
ID. If you really do not want this to happen, please contact us and we will
find another way to verify your gender. This also applies to transgender women
who want to join, you are welcome to join us too._

I didn't feel comfortable sending them a copy of my ID or drivers-license.
There was just too much personal information on there so I send a message to
the administrators of the site telling them I wanted to make use of an
alternate way to confirm my identity. Within minutes I received a message back
with a link to another site. "Please use this link to start a short video
session. Make sure your camera and microphone are enabled. I will be available
for the next 10 minutes. After that I will assume you didn't want to do this
and deactivate your account. Denise."

My hand was literally shaking as I moved my mouse and clicked the link. A
window popped open and within a few seconds a woman appeared on my screen.
"Hi," she said, "can you hear me?"

"Yes, can you hear and see me?"

"Yes. Welcome to J4W. Now that I've verified I will activate your account.
Thank you for joining us."

"This was all?"

"Yes, I can see you're clearly female and I don't need anymore than this. Thank
you for joining us and I hope we can help you with anything you want to share.
Bye.. Shylark, nice username by the way. Love it."

And with that the connection was broken, all I could do was close the window.
The page automatically refreshed and my account was activated. It was the
strangest thing but at least it was less infringing then sending them a copy of
my ID, I thought. I spend some time exploring the site and there was just so
much to see and do. There was a marketplace where you could sell or buy
anything from makeup to clothes and much more. There was a forum where you
could talk about just anything and then there was the _Mezzanine_, a gallery
where users could post pictures or even videos of themselves.

The first thing I did that felt the safest was browse the marketplace or
_Bazaar_ as they had called it. They were selling all kinds of things in there,
from dresses to shoes, from makeup to _toys for women_. It all was there from
second hand to brand new. I clicked on the information button to learn how it
would work.

_As this part of the site requires you to reveal personal information all
transactions are done via a third party, namely E-bay.com. This is the only way
we can still guarantee your anonymity on this site. We are affiliated with
e-bay.com and do receive a small amount per transaction to keep this site
running._

For fun I clicked on the post button and was greeted by a new window asking me
to login to e-bay. "Smart," I thought, "This way I could always claim I found
it on e-bay and not on this site." I didn't have an e-bay account so I just
closed the pop-up and just browsed through all the offers. I saw a beautiful
dress someone was offering, but it wasn't in my size unfortunately. If it had
been I might have bid on it.

Then I opened the forums, it was more a message board with all kinds of topics
from _Introductions_ to _I really need to talk_ and everything in between. I
started with the introductions and read some posts before I was ready to place
mine.

_Hi, I'm shylark. Yes I know I made a typo when I registered, but I liked it so
I didn't bother to change it. A friend of mine told me about this site and as I
was a little bored I decided to have a look for myself and now here I am
posting for the first time. I'm not really ready yet to talk about why I
registered as I don't feel quite safe yet doing this. Maybe that time will
come, maybe it won't. Until then I will just lurk around a little, see what
this site has to offer me. Hope you understand. Shylark._

Within seconds the first responses came, mostly welcoming me to the site and
telling me to take my time. "Just respond to some posts at first, that way you
will see that we all want the best for you." someone wrote. Another one wrote
"I fully understand. Please don't feel any pressure to post anything you don't
want to post, take your time."

I didn't tell Travis about me registering on that site, it was just for women
after all and I didn't want him to be suspicious of anything even though he had
told me he didn't really care, I on the other hand still had my doubts whether
he had really meant what he had said. I just couldn't imagine him being 100
percent truthful that day, it just went against anything I believed in or was
taught. But I couldn't deny that curiosity in me, that desire that was awakened
in me, it just was too much to deny and I just couldn't put it down anymore.

In the weeks after registering I spent more and more time on that site, reading
about the _adventures_ other women had, looking at the pictures they had posted
and sometimes even their videos. It became almost all consuming and my desire
to experience the same things became larger and larger. At some point I even
fantasized about it, masturbating as I imagined myself being one of those
women.

_Hi, I've been lurking for quite some time now. I didn't respond to many posts
as I still didn't feel quite safe. But I'm getting there, reading all your
responses to posts, pictures and videos really helps me feel safer. Maybe it's
time for me to open up too, so here it goes.

A couple of weeks, maybe even months, ago my husband and I were on a short
break. This led to all kinds of changes in our lives I won't get into at the
moment. There is just one thing he said during that time that I'm still really
struggling with. He told me I had been flirting with other men and that I
didn't even know I was doing it. He was right about the last part, I didn't
know until he showed me a video of me doing it. I still can't really believe
that was me, but it really was. Now, the issue I have is the following. He
suggested I wanted more than just flirting, he said he thought I wanted to kiss
one of them while I was dancing with him.

The more I think about it and read all your adventures on this site, the more I
think he might be right. Maybe I want more than just a kiss though, I might
want to sleep with them. I can't believe I'm saying this, it goes against
everything I believe in and was taught. Every time I think like this or even
fantasize about it I feel like I am cheating on him and that's one thing I will
not do, not ever. But is it still cheating if he's okay with it? If he knows
about it? I'm really struggling with this and would like to hear what you have
to say about this. Please help a struggling wife come to terms with her
feelings. Kisses, Shylark._

I read the post over and over again, changing some of the sentences, adding
another before I clicked on the _Post_ button with a shaking hand. It took a
few seconds before it was posted, but there it was. I had officially opened up
my life to a bunch of strangers, luckily enough it was all anonymous which made
it much easier on me. I closed the site and tried to think about something
else.

While all this took place I had gotten a part-time job at a small fashion shop
and I loved working in a small shop. My co-workers were really nice and because
it was only 20 hours a week I had enough time to do other things like trying to
find out what it was I wanted to do for a living. Travis' practice had taken
off and he was now earning enough for the both of us to live very comfortably
and we both loved living downtown again. It was like we had returned to live
again, living in the suburbs had been so boring as there hardly was anybody
outside during the day and for the simplest of tasks you needed to get into a
car and drive for half an hour or more.

I was sitting in my favorite coffee shop when a nice man asked me if he could
join me, I said "feel free" and he sat down across from me. Not that we talked,
he just started to read his news paper, but I felt something inside me and
arced my back a little more, pulling my shirt down as I was doing it. My
cleavage was clearly visible and I just waited for him to notice. I finished my
latte, got up and as I walked away I swayed my hips just a tad more. It felt so
good and smiled as I left the shop. When I stepped into the sun again I
wondered whether there had been any responses to my post earlier that day, so I
walked home enjoying the warm rays on my exposed skin.

Once home I opened my laptop and logged into the site. There had been quite
some responses and I smiled when I read them all. They all told me that it
wasn't cheating if my spouse agreed. One of the responses really stood out to
me, it was more than just one sentence.

_Hey Shylark, I was once where you were. Our lives had become boring and we
wanted to spice it up. We tried everything from role play to some light bdsm
nothing really worked for us. Until he came home with a present for me: a box
of dildos, in all shapes and sizes. From playing together we slowly went into a
fantasy where I was with another man, it excited me but it excited him even
more. The fantasies went from me being with a stranger to finally me being with
his best friend to me being with multiple black men. Then one day we decided to
make our fantasy come true. He watched as I nervously had sex with his best
friend, it was the best experience I ever had. We made a pact that I could play
around, go on dates just as long as I was honest and truthful about it. And of
course I needed to tell him everything that had happened afterwards. It might
sound strange but we've never been closer, he loves seeing me get satisfied in
ways he never could do for me. And I? I love it so much. As a matter of fact I
need to change, my bull is picking me up in an hour. We're going to dinner and
a movie and then who knows?

My advise to you is take it slow, fantasize about it with him next to you to
see his reaction. Get some dildos in different sizes and see what you like. But
above all always be honest with him. About everything! If you have any
questions you can DM me at any time. Love Scarlet87_

I was mesmerized and stunned by her response. It hit home so hard and gave me a
guide on how to move on. I thanked them all for the responses and I send
Scarlet87 a private message thanking her for hers. She had been right on
everything, even about the being honest part. I had to tell Travis about me
being on this site if I wanted to post more, he deserved it. So that evening
when he came home I had prepared his favorite dinner and we sat down to eat.
"Travis?" I said, "I have to tell you something. A few weeks ago I joined this
community of women online. We talk about mostly girly things, but we also talk
about, you know, sex."

"You do?"

"Yes, I had to feel safe first though. You never know what will happen when you
open up to a bunch of strangers. But back to what I was saying. After spending
some time I posted about what you said when we were at the cabin, you know
about me flirting and all."

"Yes, I remember."

"Well, I've been struggling with it for quite some time now and I asked them
for advise." I turned towards him and looked him in the eyes when I said "I
would like to explore that side of me. But I do want to take it slow and they
gave me some pointers on what we could do. The first thing is for me to be open
and honest about it from now on. I will not hide anything from you any more.
Would you like that?"

"That's all I want," he replied, "if you just tell me about it, I'll be fine
with it."

"Are you sure?" I replied, "Let's just take it very slow, I don't want to do
something I or we both might regret after. You know what I mean?"

"Yes," he replied, "You're the lead in this and I will follow. Just take your
time and we'll see where this ends."

I smiled and we finished dinner. As we were doing the dishes I said "I was in
the coffee shop today and a real nice man sat down at my table. He was quite
handsome."

Travis smiled and said "What did you do?"

"Oh, he just sat there reading his paper and I arced my back, pulled down my
shirt a little more. He didn't really pay attention though, not even when I
walked away swaying my hips. But it did feel good, I have to say."

Travis laughed and said "Now that's my girl," and kissed me. It felt so good
being this honest with him and I felt butterflies in my belly. He didn't get
mad when I told him about that guy, he even seemed to like hearing it. Maybe I
should take it a step further next time, wear something a little more sexy
maybe. But I didn't have anything remotely sexy, at least not like anything I
was imagining. I needed to get some sexy clothes, some stockings maybe and of
course some high heels. I imagined myself with the perfect makeup, deep red
lips and a nice perfume, then I imagined myself waking down the street as every
single man turned around to watch me go.

"Laura? Earth to Laura?" Travis brought me back to reality and said "Where were
you? I asked if you wanted a cup of coffee about five minutes ago."

I chuckled and said "Nothing, I was just thinking about some new clothes I want
to buy, maybe even a pair of nice heels. Something sexy and stylish."

He kissed me and said "You do that, just don't overspend the credit cards."

A few days later I was anxiously waiting for the doorbell to ring. The package
I had ordered should be arriving at any minute. When it finally rang it
startled me and I buzzed the door open when a nice man said he had a package
for me. I opened the front door and signed his sheet that it had been
delivered. He smiled and wished me a good day as he walked away. I closed the
door with my hip and nervously walked back inside.

I placed the package on the kitchen table and opened it. Inside was a large
pink box with the words _Desires, a woman's pleasure_ written on it. I took it
out and through the plastic I could see eight dildos in varying colors and
sizes. The biggest on was black and it seemed huge to me, the smallest was a
Caucasian color. They all were stiff enough and still very soft to the touch,
they all had rims and were made to look like the real deal. Four of them had 
suction cups at the end of them so you could attach them to a surface.

After getting them all out, I put the packaging back in the other box and hid
those somewhere I was sure Travis wouldn't find them. Not that I was going to
hide them forever, but I wanted it to be a surprise for him. I collected them
all and went into our bedroom where I laid them on the bed going from small to
large. I just stood there for a moment before I got out my phone to take a
picture of them on my bed. Then I put them all in my nightstand and chuckled
from the anticipation of showing them to Travis.

Once back in the living room I got my laptop, uploaded that photo to it and
logged in to the site again.

_Hi all. Today I took the first step off my journey into finding out who I
really am. My hubby and I had a little talk and today I'm going to show him
what I bought. What do you think? Will he be surprised?_ And I attached the 
photo of the dildos laying on my bed.

This time I didn't log off, I read some of the new posts and even responded to
a few of them. If I wanted to explore this I had to take it all the way, I
thought, I need to be open about this. The anonymity did make it way easier to
do this and by the time I responded to the ninth post I noticed I was having
fun with it. I looked at the latest photos posted to the gallery and even
responded to a few of them. Being more engaged in this community felt good,
especially when I saw their responses to the photo I had posted.

_Wow, looks like a bunch of fun_, _Someone's getting satisfied today!_ and the
best of the all was _Ooh, I like the big black one. Having that inside you is
just the best feeling. I love being soul fucked._ I giggled when I read the
last one and couldn't imagine myself every trying that one. Before I knew it a
couple of hours had passed and Travis came home. I finished my last response
and when he asked me what I was doing I said "Oh, just talking to the girls
online. It's all girl talk, you wouldn't be interested." I smiled and closed
the site.

That evening we had date night and Travis had been looking forward to see a
movie he had been waiting for ever since it was announced. During one of the
love scenes I kissed him and teased him by rubbing the bulge in his pants. He
was very surprised when I did that and I just winked at him. Afterwards we went
to a small diner to get a bite to eat, we just had a lovely evening together.
Slowing down our lives had been the best decision we had ever made, next to
getting married of course.

When we got home I sat him down in one of the chairs and I told him to just
watch me. I turned on the radio, looked for a good channel and started to dance
when I heard a nice song. Slowly I undressed for him, teasing him as I went
along by placing my mouth close to his but never really kissing him. When I was
naked I laid down on the bed, slowly spreading my legs, softly caressing my
vulva and my breasts. When he wanted to get up I gestured no with my right
finger and said softly "No, you just sit and watch."

Being this openly sexual for him really excited me, more than I would have
thought it would. At some point I reached for my night stand and got one of the
dildos out. When I turned around with it in front of my chest his eyes widened
and he smiled. I licked the shaft of the dildo as I stared into his eyes, I
kissed it, wrapped my lips around the dip and then just took it in. All the
time staring at Travis who had unzipped his pants and had his cock in his hand.
I smiled when I saw my performance was exciting him.

I proceeded to suck the dildo and pushed it in as deep as it would go, until I
started gagging. With it now being wet from my saliva I placed it against my
labia and moved it up and down, spreading my pussy lips on either side of the
shaft. I stared him in the eyes as I placed the tip against my love hole and
slowly pushed it in. I moaned as I felt the silicone dick slip inside me.
Travis had started jerking and I spread my legs wide pushing the dildo in
deeper until it was all the way inside me.

I placed a pillow behind my head so I could watch Travis jerking his no fully
erect penis and I whispered "Would you like it if this dildo was a real dick? A
strangers cock deep inside your wife? Would you like that?" Travis just nodded
and I continued "You would? Oh, I would too. Imagine us in a bar, you standing
somewhere, me at the bar. A man comes up to me and we start talking. He
complements my outfit and we start to dance. His hands on my hips, close to
him. I can feel his bulge pressing against my belly, it's getting harder."

Travis came over and laid down next to me. "I see you dancing with him. His
hands are on your back now, touching your skin. I watch as he kisses you,
carefully at first. Then he opens his mouth and you two make out, right there
on the floor in front of me." He reached for the dildo inside of me and I let
him have it. I placed my hands on his face and kissed him.

"I take his hand," I whispered, "We go into the ladies room. In one of the
stalls I unzip his pants and take his hard cock in my hand. It feels so good,
that throbbing cock in my hand, a strangers dick. He lifts me up and I wrap my
legs around his waist. I can feel the tip of his penis against my wet pussy and
with one thrust he's inside of me."

Travis pulled the dildo out and came on top of me. He pushed his dick inside me
and I moaned hard. "You start to moan, soft at first but then you don't care
anymore. You moan louder and louder as he thrusts his cock deep inside you,
harder and harder."

"I feel my vagina spasm and contract. I can feel every inch of his dick inside
me, then I feel an orgasm coming up. I'm coming, I shout hard as I don't care
anymore all I want is this strangers cock plowing me. I come so hard on this
strangers dick and it doesn't take him long to come too. I kneel down in front
of him, take his cock in my mouth and he explodes in it. I try to swallow it
all, all his cum. It tastes so good."

Travis was plowing me right there, he had never felt like this before. He
slammed his dick inside me and just as he was about to come I felt a real
orgasm coming up. At almost the same time we both orgasmed and he send his love
potion deep inside my vagina. We kissed passionately, his tongue deep inside my
mouth. We had never made love like that before, for the first time I felt truly
satisfied. Not just with Travis, but for the first time ever.

Travis rolled off of me and whispered "When you come out of the ladies, you
walk over to me and I can see you just had sex. I kiss you and I can taste the
cum. I take you in my arms as we walk over to the bar to get a drink."

I just looked into his eyes and said "This was so good, thank you Travis for
showing this to me. But I'm not ready to try this for real, don't push it
okay?"

"Okay," he said with a soft smile, "Until then this will be our little secret.
But what else do you have in there?" Before I could stop him he dove over me,
opening the nightstand. "Wow, those are huge! Love them." He turned his head
towards me and said "Just promise me that I can watch sometimes." I chuckled
and nodded okay. He laid down next to me again, we kissed and before we both
knew it it was time for round two. We both fell asleep exhausted, but very
satisfied.

We kept fantasizing about it for a long while, maybe months I don't really
remember. A turn came when during the day while Travis was at work I felt an
urge to try the biggest dildo in the pack. I wanted to make it special and
placed my phone on a chair at the foot of the bed and started recording myself
so Travis could watch it later. Adding the recording added a whole new layer to
it for me. I had put on a t-shirt and a tight skirt and sat down in front of
the camera. "Travis," I said, "This is for you and only you. I'm a little
scared to do this, but I feel like we are ready for the next step. So here it
is."

I knelt down on the bed, making sure everything was still in frame and with a
wink I slowly took off my shirt and skirt. Then proceeding to caress myself all
over my body, squeezing my boobs and I felt myself getting really wet. I laid
down spread my legs towards the camera, spreading my labia with my fingers. I
looked up and said "Oh my God, I want a cock right now. I need to be fucked,
really fucked by a huge cock. I've been thinking about it all day. Travis, your
wife needs a dick in her wet pussy." I reached for a big dildo and placed it
against my now widened love canal. With a loud moan I pushed it inside me. "Oh
yes, yes. This feels so good, but not as good as a real cock. Oh my God, this
one is so big."

After a few minutes I reached for the big black dildo, licked it, tried to put
my mouth around it, then sat it upright on the bed. I placed my hole above it
and said "Oh my God, I don't think this will fit." Slowly I sat down and after
some wriggling the tip slipped in "Oh my God, this one is soooo big! My God,
it's stretching me out so good. Yes, I want it deeper." I sat down slowly,
pausing every now and again to adjust to the huge intruder in my pussy. "Oh my
God, Travis, this is so big. I love it! Oh yes, yes, yes. Fuck me Dijon, fuck
this slut."

I rode that big black dildo for about 20 minutes, had multiple orgasms and
sagged down on the bed exhausted. My pussy was pulsing, a little hurt, but it
had felt so good. After a few minutes I looked up and said "I might be ready
for the real deal, Travis. I want to fuck a stranger for real, I've been
dreaming about it, I really have. So, here's my challenge for you. I want you
to arrange this for me, I want it to be a total surprise. It's all up to you
now. I love you so much Travis and I'm ready to become a real slut."

I stopped the recording and put on a simple dress. In the living room I
uploaded the video to my laptop, did some basic editing and connected the
laptop to the TV. On the screen I placed a Post-It with a simple message "Play
Me! I'm at the mall, call me when you've watched this." I took a shower,
changed into something practical, cleaned up the bedroom, grabbed my purse and
got into our car.

As I was walking through the mall I kept thinking about the video and wondered
what Travis would think. I went into a new store that had just opened, another
dollar type store like there were so many off. This one was new and I was
curious what they had to offer. Next to shopping carts they also had baskets
available and I grabbed one of those. "I don't need that much," I thought.

After getting deodorant, toothpaste and some other toiletries I arrived at the
clothes section. There were some nice shirts on sale and I grabbed a couple of
them for Travis, I also got him some new underwear. Then I came across the
female section and saw a special sale of mini-skirts. As they were dirt cheap I
got a couple of them in different colors next to a pack of stockings. My eyes
fell on a rack near the wall, there was a sign on it saying _Only 18+_. There
were some very short shirts on there, some would hardy cover my breasts and I
felt myself getting excited. I got a couple of them in various lengths. 

My basket filled up quickly and I thought this will be more than enough for now
when my eyes fell on the shoe section. They still had four and six inch heels
in my size and they were very cheap too. Now I not only had a full basked, but
also two shoe-boxes to carry. "I should have grabbed a cart," I thought. Lucky
for me the cash registers weren't that far away and I was so happy to let it
all go. The girl behind the register didn't even blink when she saw what I had
collected and in the end she simply said "That will be $79,65 please." I handed
her my credit card and a few minutes later I walked out the store carrying two
large bags full of stuff.

Just as I wanted to sit down for a coffee my phone dinged. There was a text
from Travis asking me when I would be home. "I'll be right there," I replied,
"Did you watch?" He just replied with a simple "Yes, we have to talk." It
sounded ominous and I got very nervous. Had I done the wrong thing? Had I gone
too far? What if I had? I added an extra step as I walked back to the car,
threw everything in the trunk and started the car when there was another
message from Travis. "Don't worry, I'm not angry. Ignore the previous text,
please come home."

I sighed from relieve and drove home. I got the bags from the car and went
inside. Travis was sitting on the couch and had a big smile on his face when he
saw me walk in. I placed the bags on the kitchen table and still was a little
nervous. I sat down next to him, anxiously waiting on him to start talking.

He turned his head towards me and said "So you really want to do this? You are
sure?" I said yes to both questions and he said "Okay, I will arrange something
and you will know what's going on immediately, okay? And you will commit to
it?"

"Yes," I said after a huge sigh, "I think I'm ready for this. I want to
experience it and maybe I will not ever do it again, but at least I've tried."

Travis smiled again and kissed me. "Okay then. Now what did you buy?" I was a
little dumbfounded by the sudden change of subject and showed him everything I
had bought. 
