# How it all began

## Chapter One
After twelve years of marriage it was all over. We had married because it was
the right thing to do at the time. I had just turned 16 when I found out I was
pregnant, he was 21 at the time. Against my parents wishes I ran away from home
to marry him in another state where we could do so. At first it was all roses
and stuff, but that all changed at some point. After years of fighting we both
knew it was best to go our separate ways.

So there I was 28 years old, with a son and no good paying job to support us. I
worked two, sometimes even three jobs just to make ends meet. As a mother I was
willing to do anything for my son, I didn't want him to suffer from my
mistakes. So one evening I was browsing the internet trying to find a better
paying job for me to do, when I came across an ad promising good pay for
something I could do at home. My interest was piqued and I clicked it to find
out more. As soon as the page opened I gasped. On my screen appeared two
scarcely clothes women, in the middle of the screen, in giant letters it said
"Want to earn some easy money?". I sighed and was about to click it away, but
somehow I didn't.

"_OnlySubs_ allows you to create your own content about anything you want. You
can set the minimum subscription fee from 0 to any amount you want. Just do the
check _here_ and see what you could be making each month, simply by working
from home."

I read some more of what the site was offering, read all the positive reviews
and thought nothing off it for a while. Then a few days later it popped back
into my mind. "What if I would do it? How much could I make by just posting
some photos on the internet? They don't even have be that revealing anyway?
Just a little sexy maybe?" Those thoughts were immediately followed by "No, I
can't do that, what would people think of me when they find out."

Still the whole idea stuck with me, a lot.
