# Is it wrong?
_an erotic tale by Transgirl_

## Chapter One
"Why am I doing this? Is this really what I want?" thoughts like that went
through my head as I drove along the glistering road in front of me. "How has
it come to this?" and "Should I just go home?" were other thoughts. But I had
made a promise and I wasn't one to break those, so I kept driving on through
the rain. After another hour I arrived at my destination, a motel on the side
of the road. I sat there for a few minutes staring at the rotating sign with a
marquee underneath stating there were still rooms available.

"If I get out I can't go back," I thought. Took a deep breath before I finally
stepped out of my car. A few steps separated me from becoming someone I never
thought I would become. With every step I took I got more anxious and hesitated
for a few seconds before I finally knocked on the door.

An hour later I was back in my car, feeling excited and disgusted at the same
time. In my purse was the proof of what I had just done. All I wanted was to
get home, take a shower and sleep it off. Pretend this never happened. But it
had and as I was driving home the disgust slowly went away. What was left was
the euphoria. I had done it. I had realized a fantasy of mine, I had become one
of the ladies of the night.

Once I got home, I took a shower and slipped into the bed. A voice next to me
asked "How did it go?" and I said it went okay. We kissed and he told me how
proud he was off me. I smiled and knew this wasn't going to be the last time.
As I felt the juices leak out of me I fell asleep feeling satisfied.

A few days later I was on my way to another appointment. This time it was
during the day and the sun was out. I knocked on the door of the hotel room and
a man opened the door. "Hi, you asked for some company?" I smiled. The man let
me in and we shared the bed together for an hour. Afterwards he handed me the
500 dollars and I kissed him on the cheek. Two hours later I walked out another
hotel after having shared the bed with another man. In total I _visited_ five
men that day.
