# Laura's Secret
_an erotic tale by Transgirl_

## Chapter One
One of the first thing people ask me is why did I do it? Why did I risk my
marriage, my job and being a mother to my children? That is the main question
and I'm writing this as a means to give you the answers. Because there is no
real reason why? It was just something I needed to do, something that had
always been inside me. It was time to feed the dragon, so to say.

Also this is not meant as an apology, an excuse. This is just an explanation as
I do not regret anything I did. Everything I consented to do, no one forced me
to do anything. I chose this life and I simply love what I do. So why keep it a
secret for so long? Shame, ridicule, all the things that came my way when it
all came out? Could those be the things that kept me from being open about it?

I know I had a good, decent job, a good marriage and two beautiful children.
Nothing has really changed about that. My marriage still stands, my daughters
love their mother. All I did was change jobs. Now that my daughters are old
enough I could explain to them why I do what I do. Sure it wasn't easy for them
at first, but when they saw how happy it makes me, they've accepted it. Both of
them are even thinking about following in my lifestyle, although I am not
thrilled about the prospect who am I to say they can't?

As a wise person once said: Let's start at the beginning, that's always a good
place to start a story. Before I do though, I will not use any real names,
places or whatever. This is not meant as an expose, this is _my_ story, not
theirs.

***

We had been married for seven years, had two children by then and as far as I
thought we were happy. Having good jobs we could provide our children with
everything they needed and still have some room for ourselves. Travis worked
for a Fortune 500 company as a company lawyer. He made good money which also
led to long hours at the office, sometimes even during the weekend.

I was a middle school teacher, something I always wanted to be. I loved my job
and although the children might have a lot of holidays during the school year,
for us teachers those days were filled with either grading things or preparing
classes for the next semester. The only true time off was three weeks during
the Summer break. Those three weeks I mostly spent with the kids, doing things
they loved to do. Not that I cared, but the days they spent with their
grandparents were sacred to me. Days at which I could do things I wanted to do,
like laying next to our pool reading a book.

I don't know whether it was the long hours he made at the office or his
constant wanting to play golf, but small irritations grew into large ones and
we had our fights. Not that it is unusual for married couples to fight, ours
though were fierce, mostly followed by either one of us apologizing and some
great make up sex. Despite all the fights we still loved each other very much,
a thing we both knew. Our children however had other thoughts. After yet
another fight about something stupid I found the oldest one crying in her room.
"Are you getting a divorce?" was a question I never wanted to hear from either
of them. It confronted me with the effect our fights had on them. I did my best
to comfort her, to tell her mommy and daddy still loved each other very much,
words that I didn't even really believed.

That night as we lay in bed I told Travis we needed to talk. "We really need to
find a solution for this," I said, "We can't go on like this. So please without
raising your voice what is it that I'm doing wrong? What is it that triggers
you?"

"It's not anything you can change. Not really. It's something you do without
even knowing you are doing it. Combined with some of the things we do I'm
almost sure it's the basis of your frustration."

"Please, don't lawyer me. Just tell me what it is I do so I can change it."

"I'm afraid that would only make things worse. If we want to tackle it I need
to do something that I don't particularly like."

"I still have no clue what you're talking about. So tell me already."

"Remember that office party last week? The one where you were talking with
Brian all evening?"

"Yeah, he's nice. We talked about him climbing in the Alps. Did you know he's
training to climb Everest? He's so adventurous."

"Yes he keeps reminding us all the time. It's not that you were talking to him,
it was _the way_ you were talking to him. You flicking your hair, touching his
arm, laughing at his stupid jokes. You were flirting with him."

"No I wasn't. It was just nice talking with him."

"That's just it. You don't even know you're doing it. I don't know if that
makes it worse or not. It's not the only time I've seen it. The first time I
noticed was a few years ago. We were in that hotel for our anniversary in Port
Verde? Remember that? You were all giddy one evening after drinking some wine.
There was this man sitting at the bar and when you went to get us some drinks
you spoke with him for almost fifteen minutes. I watched you waiting for you to
come back. That's the first time I noticed you were flirting. I tried to tell
myself if was just a fluke, it was the wine talking. I saw it over and over
again."

"You're lying. I don't do that. No way. I love you, I would never hurt you like
that."

Travis looked at me and said "That's just it. It doesn't hurt me. That first
time made me feel proud. As I watched you flirt with him I just thought 'you
can look buddy, you can even touch, but in the end she's coming home with me'.
I felt so guilty for feeling that way. There is just one thing you really need
to understand. I trust you completely. I know you will never cheat on me, you
will never betray me like that. And that's exactly what the issue is."

"I don't follow. You are mad at me for _not_ cheating?"

"In a way. But I'm not mad at you, I'm mad at myself. I think I'm hurting you
in some way. I just don't know how to make it better for you."

"Better for me? What are you talking about?"

"Think about it Laura. You flirt with other men, right in front of me. Only
when we pretend I'm someone else do I really satisfy you. Don't think I don't
know about what you do in the shower after we had sex. I could hear you at
times, you know pleasuring yourself."

"You could hear that? I don't know why I do that. It's just --"

"That I didn't satisfy you? Didn't make you come? I do try it every time, I
really do. I love you and want to make you happy. If that means I have to give
you some freedom then I am willing to do that."

"What? I --"

"Don't talk. I -- It's hard enough already for me. Let's just say that I love
you so much I am willing to let you _explore_ that side of you. I really think
that would scratch an itch you feel. It could make us happier together. All I
want is for you to be honest with me. No more secrets."

"I don't have secrets from you."

"Oh no? What about the _toys_ you're hiding in your nightstand? Didn't think I
knew about those?"

"Oh my God. You checked my nightstand?"

"Not intentional. I was cleaning our room and I found one under the bed. I
think you left it there subconsciously for me to find. Just like you flirt with
men, you don't know that you're doing it."

"Oh God. I can explain. Every girl has one or two, it's not that we have
something external that pleasures us and fingers often aren't enough."

"I don't care about those. I really don't. Just that you hid it from me, that
is what hurt me. So please be open and honest with me from now on."

"Okay. Can I say something now?"

"Yeah, yes you can."

"Stop working all those long hours. I miss you at times. And you're not there
to _be_ with me. That's why I have my toys. Like the other day. We were
supposed to go to dinner and you called it off at the last moment. Not that I
mind, you have to do whatever you're doing. All I am asking is for us to have
some more time together."

"I think I can do that. What about a long weekend, just the two of us? We can
bring the kids to my parents. You know Lena really wants to ride that horse
again? And Brianna? She _loves_ the chickens."

He made me laugh "They really would love to go there again. We'd be doing it
for them. I mean what mother wouldn't want to make her kids happy."

"Don't forget about my parents. They would love to have our kids for the
weekend."

We planned our trip the very next day and even our kids knew something had
changed as my oldest whispered "Are you happy again mommy?" She had always been
wise for her age and hearing her ask that almost made me cry. "I've always been
happy sweetie. I'm just happier now." She smiled and I gave her a kiss on her
forehead "Now off to school. Daddy is waiting for you." When they all left I
turned around, wiped a tear from my cheek. It was true what I said, I did feel
happier after Travis and I talked. It was like a ton of bricks had been lifted
from my shoulders.

The weeks leading up to our weekend we hardly fought anymore. He made more time
for me and I tried my best to do everything I needed to do before he came home.
Just sitting in our living room with him watching TV already made me happy and
I like to think the same goes for him. The words he had said that night stayed
with me for a while, made me think about our relationship. I came to the
conclusion that something might be missing for me. We added my toys to whenever
we had a moment of intimacy and it helped for a while. The real revelation for
me however was when he whispered "What's his name?" in my ear. At first I just
stared at him, he smiled and said "Tell me. What's his name?"

"Mike," I replied out of nowhere. I don't even know a Mike. Travis smiled and
said "How did you meet him?"

"In a bar," I moaned as I rode the dildo. "He was standing at the bar looking
at me. I could see he was undressing me in his mind."

"So what did you do?"

"I walked over to him. We talked for a moment before we sneaked into the
bathroom."

"Where am I?"

"You're in the bar still. He undresses me, pushes me against the wall and lifts
up my leg. Before I know it his cock is inside me. He's fucking me and you are
just feet away from us. Oh my God, I can feel him throb inside of me. I am so
wet you can hear the splashes. He goes in so deep. Oh my God, I'm coming, I'm
coming all over his cock." I orgasmed right at that moment. Travis held me in
his arms as I closed my eyes and shivered all over.

"I wonder where you are," he whispered, "I walk towards the bathroom and hear
you moan from the men's room."

"He's still fucking me as you open the door and see us."

"I grab your hand and watch as he pushes his cock deep inside you."

"I look into your eyes and whisper 'Oh yes, come inside me. Give me all your
cum. Fill me up.'" as I spoke the words another orgasm took hold of me. As it
passed I leaned over took Travis hard cock in my mouth. "As he ravages me I
suck your cock. Mike explodes inside my pussy, deep inside my pussy. At the
same time you come deep down my throat. Oh Travis, I want it so bad. I want to
be fucked by someone that's not you. I am so sorry, but I can't deny it any
longer. I've been dreaming about this for so long."

"I know honey. I know and I'm willing to give that too you. All I want is for
you to be happy. Let's just explore that part of you. No pressure, just see
what is comfortable for you."

"I love you so much Travis, it hurts sometimes. I can't live without you, but I
can't deny that part of me any longer. I've hidden it for so long. I was taught
it was bad to think that way, but I can't help it. It's who I am."

The long weekend had arrived. Travis' parents had picked up the kids and the
house felt eerily empty after they left. We started packing for our weekend and
an hour or two later we got into our car to go to our destination just under
600 miles from home. The eight hour drive was wonderful, we stopped along the
way to see some of the sights. Like the worlds largest chair and the worlds
biggest tomato. Fun things like that. It felt like we had just started dating
again, everything felt so exciting.

We arrived at the hotel just before nine that evening. The room was wonderful
and the best part was the bath. We didn't have one at home, I begged Travis if
I could take one that evening. After a quick meal in the restaurant below I
stepped into a bath full of hot water. It felt so nice having a bath again.
Tired from driving all day and the bath afterwards I fell asleep as soon as my
head hit the pillow.

The next day we spent exploring the city center. In a small boutique we bought
a beautiful dress for me. A pair of heels was purchases in another store.
Travis insisted I wore the tight black dress to dinner that evening as he had
reserved us a spot in a restaurant around the corner. Around eight we sat down
at our table deciding what to choose from the menu. From the corner of my eyes
I saw a handsome man sitting down across from us. I couldn't help but glance at
him. "See anything you like?" Travis asked with a chuckle.

"On the menu you mean?" I teased him as I glanced at the man sitting at the
other table. Now that Travis had told me, flirting felt really uncomfortable
and I just couldn't do it. "Can we sit somewhere else?" I asked the waiter when
he came back to us, "There's some sort of draft here and I don't feel
comfortable here." The waiter showed us to another table in the back of the
restaurant and I sight a breath of relieve.

"Why?" Travis asked.

"I just couldn't. It felt so uncomfortable. And you said I could call the shots
on this, so I did."

"It's okay, just as long as you're honest about it." We had a lovely meal,
enjoyed each others company and after a call with our children the night just
couldn't get any better for me. I was out with the love of my life in a
beautiful city. We decided to walk back to the hotel as it was such a lovely
night. On our way back we decided to get a nightcap at a bar near the hotel. We
sat down at the bar and Travis ordered us a round of drinks. We talked for a
few minutes before Travis had to use the restroom.

Alone at the bar I just stared at the glass of wine in front of me. "What's a
girl like you doing in a bar like this?" A voice next to me sounded. I turned
around and stared into a handsome face. Square jaws with a five o'clock shadow,
pearly white teeth and the bluest eyes I had ever seen. I just smiled and
looked at my wine again. "Don't want to answer my question?" he continued,
"Okay, I get that. Are you here alone? On a date?"

"I'm married," I answered in hope he would leave me alone. Although I loved the
attention I still felt uncomfortable with the new _arrangement_. Still he was
very cute and his eyes were like oceans I could lose myself in. I turned my
head to him and whispered "He's standing over there watching us. He likes this
sort of thing."

"Oh, does he now? And what sort of thing would that be?"

"Ah, you know. Me flirting with other men." I giggled. Close as he was he even
smelled nice. I looked over my shoulder, Travis was leaning against the wall
staring at me. My attention went back to the man next to me. "I'm Laura."

"Daniel, pleased to meet you. Is it okay if I sit down?"

"Be my guest," I replied, "It's a free country." We talked for a while, he was
funny, nice and it felt really good talking to another man. After two more
glasses of wine I leaned over and whispered "Room 242, Marriott hotel. If you
want to come, I'll be there." I got up, kissed his cheek and walked out the
bar. Travis followed shortly, we didn't speak all the way back. Once in the
room we both still were quiet. Was this really going to happen? My heart
skipped a beat when there was a knock on the door. Travis sat down on the couch
as I opened the door. Daniel just stood there, looking at me. I opened the door
all the way and he walked in. Raised his had to Travis as I took his other hand
and guided him to the bed. He took me in his arms and we kissed. My heart was
racing, this was really happening now.

As we kissed he unzipped my dress in the back. I took one step back, looked at
him as I slid the straps from my shoulders. My dress slid off me to the floor,
in my lingerie I made a step forward again and helped him take off his shirt.
His muscular torso was just to die for. I turned around, Daniel put his arms
around me again and I just looked into Travis' eyes as Daniel caressed my
body. I gasped the moment he cupped my breasts. "It's in the front," I
whispered and I felt him unclasp my bra. Travis smiled as I let Daniel take it
off. I felt kisses on my neck, his hands all over my body and Travis slowly
nodded. I turned around again, pushed Daniel on the bed and took off his pants.
Minutes later I stared at what was between his legs. Did I really want to do
this? Once I did there was no turning back, I had reached the point of no
return.

Travis sat down on a chair across the bed. He could see everything I was doing
and I turned my head towards him. I slowly got up and walked over to him.
Leaned over, kissed him, our tongues met. "Do you really want me to do this?" I
asked him softly. He just nodded and whispered "Have fun."

I made my way over to the man on the bed. Looked at my husband as I took his
lid in my hand. It felt so good, so right and so wrong at the same time. Slowly
I leaned over, opened my mouth and took it in. It was like the floodgates
opened, like I finally had found what I had been looking for. I started sucking
him faster and faster, deeper and deeper. With every stroke my husband
disappeared, the world disappeared. All there was was this man I wanted. I made
him lie on the bed, stood next to it and as I looked at my husband I took of my
soaked panties.

Daniel lay with his head towards my husband, I straddled him and held his cock
up. I slowly sat down and as I looked into my husbands eyes I slowly sat down
further, feeling his crown split my labia, further and further down. I moaned
as his cock entered me. There was no return after this, I was fucking a man I
had just met in a bar right in front of my husband. My heart was racing even
faster now. I took Daniel in all the way and stayed like that for a moment.
Travis got up, walked over and kissed me. His tongue down my throat and Daniels
cock deep inside my pussy. I started moving slowly, moaned and Travis slowly
walked away. Out of the room.

I turned my attention to the man below me. "Now fuck me like you have never
fucked a woman before," I said. I started riding him, he felt so good inside
me. A few minutes later I was on my back, spread my legs and he planted his
cock deep inside me again. We fucked for almost an hour before he exploded all
over my body. We showered together and as the water splashed down on us he
lifted my leg and pushed his rod inside me again. This time he came all over my
face. We finished showering, I put on a robe and walked over to the minibar. We
had a drink and I let him lick me. He bent me over and we had another round of
sex. Then he got dressed, thanked me for a wonderful night and walked out the
room.

Fifteen minutes later Travis walked in. He kissed me and said "Tell me
everything." I started talking about all that had happened. Travis took me to
the bed and as I was talking he spread my legs, his cock had never been harder
than that moment. He fucked me like he had never fucked me before. It was like
me talking dirty made him even more horny or maybe it was because I was telling
him the truth. The truth how another man had satisfied me, made me come
multiple times. "He was so hard baby," I panted, "He was so deep inside me. He
came all over my face. Oh yes baby, fuck me like he fucked me. I love you so
much baby. Come for me, come inside me baby! I love it so much, thank you for
doing this for me."

The next morning I woke up next to the love of my life. I watched him sleep for
a while.
