# Laura's Story
_an erotic tale by TransGirl_

## Disclaimer
This art work is completely fictional. Any resemblance to any person living or
dead is purely coincidental. Any resemblance to any event in the past, current
or future is purely coincidental. This work of art my contain scenes of
cheating, voyeurism, exposure, bdsm, torture, drug use, bestiality, incest, sex
with minors or any other sex act seen as taboo. If you do not want to read
anything related to any of the aforementioned topics, do not read this work of
art.

## Chapter One
Bored. Just one word could describe how I was feeling as I sat in my living
room staring at the TV. The news had some item about some major fraud that had
been discovered by the authorities, I didn't really listen to what the man on
the big screen TV had to say. It had been a while since the two of us had done
anything together. It seemed like he just didn't want to spend any time with me
anymore and I didn't know why. My best friend Marisha had some ideas, but they
were just stupid and something I was sure he would never do. I was just sure
that it was his new job, ever since he got that promotion he worked long hours
and sometimes even during the weekends. If he didn't go golfing that is. What
did he call it again? Oh yes, _networking_. "It's an important part of my job,"
he had said.

In the mean time I was sitting at home, being bored of doing all the chores
around the house. It was all up to me. Worst part of it all was I had a full
time job too. So when I got home I went straight back to work doing the
laundry, cleaning the house and everything else that needed to be done. When he
got home he just grabbed a beer and laid down on the couch watching some stupid
game on the TV. Whenever I asked for some help he'd always say "Can't it wait?
I've been working all day." And I hadn't?

Whatever was on the TV didn't interest me anymore and I switched it off. Sat
there in silence for a while until the sudden ringing of my phone startled me.
I picked up my phone, it was Marisha, my best friend since middle school.

"Hey Marisha," I said.

"What's wrong?"

"How do you mean?"

"Come on Laura, I can hear it. Something's up. So tell me."

"It's just -- Travis. He isn't home yet and I --"

"I told you," she interrupted, "He's cheating on you. When was the last time
the two of you had sex?"

"What? Oh, weeks. Maybe even months."

"That's a sign," she said, "One of the biggest ones. I'm telling you he's got
someone on the side."

"No, he would never. I trust him in that. He would never betray me that way."

"Are you sure? I'm just saying."

"I know and yes I'm sure. Drop it now. Why did you call?"

"Oh yes. Almost forgot. Want to go out tonight? There's a ladies night at the
Paladium and I really want to go."

"Oh I can't. What would Travis think?"

"Who cares? It isn't that he's thinking of you. You've been home alone for long
enough. Come on! Just for once allow yourself to have some fun."

"I don't know. It's -- I can't do that without talking to him first."

"Why? You used to be impulsive like that. Ever since you married him, you've
changed. I miss the old Laura, where did she go?"

I chuckled remembering the times when we were in college together. It would
have been me begging her to go to a party or something. Back then I would just
tell Travis I was going somewhere, I didn't need his permission to do anything.
Maybe I should do that again, be myself again. "You know what? You're right. I
will just leave him a note. What time will you pick me up?"

"In about an hour? I'm so happy you are going."

An hour later Marisha walked in. "Oh no," she said when she saw me, "Not
dressed like that. Who are you? My mother? Come." She pulled me back into the
master bedroom, opened my closet and searched through my clothes. She pulled
out a dress I hadn't worn in years, a tight red one. "This one. With those nice
heels you got."

"Oh, I couldn't"

"Why? Come on. Take of those ghastly clothes and put on something nice."

With a sigh I changed clothes and Marisha sat me down in front of my vanity.
She did my makeup and hair. Finally she said "There you are. Hey Laura, where
have you been?" I had to admit it felt nice to _doll up_ again. I looked at
myself in the mirror and smiled. Marisha had done her magic once again, another
reminder why she had become one of the best makeup artists in her business. We
got into her car after I had left a note for Travis.

Ladies Night at the Paladium was always a big event. Organized once a year it
attracted women from all over the country. This year they had booked one of the
hottest acts and all the women there seemed really excited about it. I had
heard the name once or twice but had no clue what it really was. We sat down at
one of the tables as Marisha ordered two white wine from the waiter. "Thank you
for doing this," she said, "I wanted to go so badly and am so happy I can do
this with my best friend." I just smiled and watched the other women come in
and sit down too.

The lights in the room slowly faded as the lights on the stage turned on. The
music started to play and a man walked onto the stage. All the women cheered,
clapped and whistled. The man slowly started to move and dance provocatively.
To my shock he tore off his shirt, showing his muscular torso to the public.
Much to the amusement of all the women there who kept on cheering. As the man
kept on dancing he took off more clothes until he was just in his speedo. I
looked at Marisha with a face of shock, she just laughed. "Isn't this great! I
love this act." she shouted over the cheers and whistles from the audience.

The man picked up a towel, did something hidden and at the right moment when a
loud explosion sounded he pulled his towel away, showing his totally naked body
to all the cheering women. I felt my face turn red and in total shock I watched
how Marisha cheered even louder. "Look at him!" she shouted to me, "Isn't he
cute?"

As the man got off stage another man walked on. I watched the second man
undress too as the first one made his way through the audience. I tried not to
look but that was almost impossible to do. We were sitting near the podium and
it didn't take long for the first man to be near us. He swayed his hips on
front of me and I turned away. I felt so uncomfortable as Marisha burst into
laughter. Then he moved on to her and I was shocked when I saw her place her
hands on him. He opened his towel, Marisha leaned forward as the man covered
whatever she was doing with the towel. He looked at me and opened it just
enough for me to see what was happening. I gasped when I saw what she was
doing. She had his penis in her mouth and was sucking it. I slammed my hands in
front of my mouth and just couldn't believe what she was doing.

The man thanked her and moved on to another table. "What did you do?" I asked
almost in a panic. She just laughed, took another sip of her wine and cheered
as the second man showed his naked body. I just couldn't believe what I was
seeing around me, one after the other woman touched the men perusing the
audience. One after the other stripper came on stage. In the end eight of them
were going from table to table collecting dollar bills, offering their body to
whoever wanted to touch it.

Marisha ordered two more wine as I tried to convince her to leave. She just
didn't want to hear about it. When a dark, black man stood in front of her she
did something I never thought I would ever see. She got up, grabbed his penis
and kissed him. He took off her top, exposing her breasts for anyone to see. He
then lifted her on our table, she spread her legs, nodded and he pushed his big
black cock deep inside her. I could hear her panting as the crowd around us
cheered loudly. "Fuck him! Fuck him!" they all chanted and Marisha seemed to
thrive on it. I could see him slide in and out of her, she groaned deeply,
clawed his back with her nails. "Oh my God! I'm coming! I'M COMING! ARGGGH" she
made sounds I had never heard her make before as she orgasmed on that big black
cock inside her. With a loud groan the man exploded, he didn't even pull out.
Marisha pressed her lower body firmly against his as he unloaded his semen
inside her. He then kissed her, pulled out and walked away.

As Marisha was straightening her clothes I was just too stunned to do anything.
She saw the look on my face, grabbed my hand and said "Let's go powder our
noses." I wasn't capable of resisting and just followed her into the bathrooms.
Once there I just blurted out "What did you just do? Did you let him come
inside you?"

"Laura," she said, "there's something I haven't told you yet. Just because I
didn't know how. Matt and I have decided to open up our marriage. We can both
have fun outside of the two of us. Ever since we did that I've never felt
closer to him. What just happened was just sex. Scratching an itch as it were."

"But -- but -- don't you love him anymore?"

"Oh sweetie. Love has nothing to do with it. This was just sex. I still love
Matt, couldn't live without him. But we both have needs and if someone can
_help_, why not? Look, I have sex with other men. Yes, that's true. But there's
only one I make love to and that's Matt. He fulfills my need for love. Whenever
we make love I feel loved. Whenever I have sex it's something totally
different. When I saw that beautiful man I knew I wanted him, I wanted to feel
him come inside me. Oh, you should totally do it once. A black cock doesn't
just fuck you, he _soul fucks_ you. It's just so -- intense."

"I can't -- This is just too much. Can we go home please?"

"I was hoping to go back in there. Just a few more minutes."

"Okay, I will just grab a cab then. I'm going home. I will call you tomorrow."

"No Laura. I'm sorry I didn't tell you. I just didn't know how. Let me clean up
and we'll go, okay?"

I waited for her to get ready. We didn't say a word as we drove back to my
home. Without saying a word I got out and went inside. I heard Marisha drive
off and I felt so bad about how I had reacted, I just didn't know what to
think. After dropping my purse on the kitchen table I heard Travis shout
"Laura? Is that you?"

"Oh shit" I thought and made my way over to him. He was sitting on the couch
watching some stupid game. As soon as he saw me he turned it off and said
"Sweetie! What's wrong? Didn't you have a good time?"

"So you aren't mad about me going?"

"No, why would I? I was just glad you were having fun. So what happened?"

I told him everything, even that part about Matt and Marisha having an open
marriage. "Can you believe that? She just said it."

"Okay, so you aren't that mad about her having sex on the table in front of
you. You are mad because to consenting adults have decided to open up their
marriage? Am I getting that right?"

"What? No! I was, I am still in total shock she did that. She could have told
me before it happened. That way I would have been prepared or something."

"Come on Laura. We both know you would never have gone there if you had known
something like that could happen. If she had told you before about their
decision would you just have accepted it? Or would you have tried tour best to
talk them out of it? Be honest."

I was quiet for a moment realizing he was right. I would have tried to talk
some sense into them and if I had known what kind of act it would be I would
never ever have gone there. Travis took my hand and said "See? You know what I
mean. I know you Laura and maybe this is a good thing. Now you know what
Marisha needs and you saw how happy she is. If this is a thing that makes her
happy and Matt is okay with it, then what is so wrong with it?"

"I don't know. It just doesn't _feel_ right."

"So because it doesn't feel right to you, it means they can't do it? Is that
it?"

"No." I protested.

"Okay. So I heard all the stories about you in college, you going to a lot of
parties and stuff. Did you have a lot of -- _encounters_ back then?"

"Not a lot. It wasn't that I ended in bed every single time. Sure, I had a few
one night stands, but that's totally different. That was before we started
dating. Ever since then I've never been with someone else."

"I know and that's why I love you so much. I totally trust you, because I know
you. But that isn't the same for everyone. Marisha has -- needs. Needs she has
to satisfy and if this is how she does that, what's so wrong with it?"

"Nothing I guess," I replied, "It just doesn't feel right. She's married and
marriage is a promise you make, a vow. I take that very serious."

"I know and I do too. But let's face the facts here. We both have demanding
jobs, I work late because I have to. I can't slack because there's a court date
and I have to be prepared. When I come home I'm tired and just want to relax or
sleep. You come home and do everything needed to run our house. I never have
the chance to tell you how much I appreciate that. Sure I can get you flowers
or a present, but I also know you don't want me to. And there are times I
really want to be there for you. Then I come home and I just can't, I am so
tired that I just want to sleep."

"Really? You notice what I do around here?"

"Of course I do and I should have said this a long time ago. I don't take you
for granted, never ever. I love you Laura Bailey, with all my heart."

Tears appeared in my eyes. He had never said that before and my heard started
beating fast, butterflies rose up in my belly. "I love you" I whispered.

"I love you too." We kissed and I put my arms around him.

"And you're right. If this is what makes here happy who am I to complain."

"Thank you. Now, there's something else I need to say. As we are talking now I
really want to get this off my chest."

"What?"

"Well, I've known about them for a while now."

"You did? How?"

"Matt told me and made me swear not to tell you because Marisha wanted to. So I
respected their wishes. But it did make me think though."

"Think? About what?"

"Whether it could be something for us too."

"What?! No! You can't be serious."

"I am," he said as he looked down at our hands, "Laura, think about it. I work
all the time and you just sit here, home alone. You have needs that I can't
satisfy, just because I'm not here. And even when I am and we're _together_ I
can feel you're not always satisfied when we're done. I can sense it. No matter
what I try, how much I concentrate on you I can always feel it isn't enough."

"That's not true," I tried to protest. It sounded fake, even in my own ears.
Deep inside me I knew he was striking a cord with me. I could never really
explain it, it was just something I had accepted over time and as such it had
become the norm for me. But at the same time I couldn't imagine myself in the
arms of another man, not since we got married. On that day I made a vow to him
to never ever lust for another man and that vow was sacred to me.

"Now we both know that's a lie," Travis chuckled, "Even you know it not to be
true. And I don't expect an answer right now. Just think about it. Talk to
Marisha or even Matt about it. Hear what they have to say and then come back to
me. Whatever you decide we will do. Okay?"

"Okay. I might think about it. It's just that I know the answer already. But I
might give it some thought."

Over the next month that night kept echoing in my head. Was he right? Could
this work for us? The longer I thought about it the more insecure I got, I just
couldn't reach an answer. "Come on Laura," I thought, "It's a simple yes or no
answer. Why can't I make a decision about this?" I felt so confused because if
the answer was yes then there could be consequences. What if our marriage
wasn't strong enough for something like that? I could loose the best thing that
had ever happened in my life. If the answer was no then it could ultimately
mean the same thing. I could get so unhappy that it would create a wedge
between us. A wedge I had already felt before that night.

One Saturday as Travis was working at the office I called Marisha and asked her
to come over. She immediately sensed it was serious and didn't hesitate to say
"I will be there in 20 minutes." She arrived in fifteen and I knew she had
driven a bit faster than allowed. We sat down on the couch before she asked
"What's going on? Is it Travis and you?"

"No! Nothing like that. Well, maybe a little."

"Oh my God, what's up?"

"Well, remember Ladies Night? Afterwards Travis and I talked, really talked. We
hadn't done that for a long time. He told me that Matt had told him about your
-- _arrangement_. And I don't blame him for not telling me, I know he respected
your wishes and I'm okay with that. It was something he said after that
confuses me so much."

"What did he say?"

"He asked me if we should _open up_ our marriage too."

"Did he? Really? Wow, that would be great!"

"Would it? I don't know. I'm just so confused."

"Why?"

"Because if we do our marriage might not be strong enough. If we don't -- let's
just say the end result could be the same."

"Okay, let me get this straight. You are saying that you're scared to loose
Travis if you _open_ your marriage. But, you're also scared to not open it up?"

"Yes. So tell me, how do you guys do it?"

"Oh, that's really simple actually. We slowly grew into it. We wanted to make
our sex life a little more exciting. We tried a lot of things, from role play
to a little bdsm. Well, it was during role play we discovered I was feeling way
more -- _satisfied_ if he played anyone but himself. One night we played it
became clear for the both of us. We decided to go to a bar. He went in first
and I followed a few minutes later. We acted like we didn't know each other and
from the moment he walked over as _Alex_ I felt that I was way more excited
than I normally would be. The sex when we got home was just amazing. Afterwards
we fantasized about making it real and we thought about it carefully. I did
some research online and found out that the first time you do something like
that a total stranger is the best option. That way it won't stand in the way of
any friendships. It's also important to make strict rules, not that we have any
but if you need them make them and stick to them. The most important one
however is to always be honest to your partner, don't hide anything. You are
not cheating on him, you are just having sex with a different partner."

"So how did you start?"

"Oh that's a funny story. We decided to go away for a long weekend, totally
planning it would happen then. It never did, it somehow felt -- forced. I just
didn't feel right. So, a bit disappointed we went home. On the way home, just
as we both had accepted it wouldn't happen I met this guy in a diner on the way
home. Twenty minutes later I was in a bed in a motel, holding Matt's hand as
this total stranger I had just met was on top of me. I still can feel him
sliding into me as I looked into my husbands loving eyes. I almost came
instantly. I had never felt so satisfied afterwards, watching that guy getting
dressed and go wherever he was going. Matt laid down next to me, we kissed and
made love. It was so intense, so -- satisfying."

"Did you use protection then?"

"Of course. I didn't want to get an std from a stranger. What was his name
again? David, no, Dar... ah, something with a D, I can't remember. DAMON! Yes,
Damon was his name."

"And how did you feel after? How did Matt feel?"

"Oh girl, I felt so happy, satisfied. I knew what I had been missing all my
life. And Matt? He was just happy to see me happy, especially after what I did
to him in that motel room." She winked and laughed. "But seriously, we both
have our _dates_ now. As long as we are honest about it, go for it! Have fun
honey!"

"Are you happy now? I mean the both of you."

"More than happy. I've never felt so close to him as we do right now. I know
whatever he's doing on a date, at the end of the night he will return to my
bed, to my arms. We love each other way more deeply than we ever did, because
we allow each other to explore our sexuality. For instance, you know Matt is
the boss over a lot of people. He makes decisions all the time. So to let go he
loves to be dominated. So every once in a while he visits Erica, she's a
dominatrix. We tried but I just can't do it to him, he's my partner. When he
comes home after a _session_ I can see it in him, he has fulfilled something he
needs. One time he called her to make an appointment and he got the order to
have me dress him as a girl. I did and it was so much fun for the both of us. I
dropped him off as if he was my daughter and I picked him up afterwards. Now I
have to say it's never really hardcore what they do, it's the lighter side of
bdsm, but it's something he needs that I can't give him, Erica can."

"Wow. Never thought if it that way. So basically what you are saying is that
you both get something out of it what the other can't give."

"Exactly! Matt doesn't have a big and beautiful black cock, so I go to Marius
for it. Or Marius comes to me."

"Really?" for the first time I chuckled, "How does that feel? Not that I'm
complaining."

"Of course you aren't. And you know why? Because Travis makes you feel loved.
You will understand once you've done it. With Marius I scratch an itch, with
Matt I make love. Two totally different needs, totally different feelings."

"Wow, thanks. I think I know enough now. Let's talk about anything else. I need
to process this."

"Sure," Marisha said, "How's work?"

I burst into laughter. "That's quite the change. But it's okay. Natasha just
left and I'm really thinking about trying for her job."

"You totally should. How long have you been there? Six years? I say go for it
girl. Oh wait! You know what we could do? I've got a date with Marius tonight
and I need a new dress. Want to go shopping with me?"

An hour later we were in the mall looking for a new dress. We went from store
to store, trying on dresses, looking at shoes, purses, makeup and everything
else. We had so much fun. When I got home after I stared at the six bags of
stuff standing on the kitchen table. "I hadn't planned on buying any of it," I
giggled to Marisha.

"That salmon pink dress just looked so nice on you. And you can't have an
outfit without the matching shoes." Marisha laughed. She hugged me and said "I
really need to go. I have to get ready for my date. Talk to you tomorrow?"

"Sure, have fun tonight. Tell me all about it tomorrow."

"I will," she waved and went home. I just stood there a moment staring at all
the bags, smiled and carried them to our bedroom. As I got the dress out of the
bag I held it in front of me and looked at myself in the mirror. Marisha had
been right, the dress did look nice on me. "And besides," I said out loud, "You
just bought a new car, so I can have something nice too."

That evening Travis came home earlier than expected, during a quickly prepared
dinner I said "I've been thinking about what you said the other day. About us
_exploring_ outside our marriage? Yes. After talking to Marisha today I think I
might be ready to maybe take the next step. Let's do something they did too.
What would you think about us role playing? Like I go to a bar and you come a
little while later. We both pretend not to know each other and you play someone
else. That way I can get a little experience on how it would feel, if I really
could do it."

"Wow, where did this come from? Sure, I'm game. When?"

"Next weekend? I need to do this quickly or I might change my mind."

"Why not tonight? I mean it's still early, the bars are still open."

"Tonight? Oh wow, that's way sooner than I had in mind. But, why not?"

"Okay. How do we do this?"

"Well, why don't you go to the bar before me. I will get ready and you know how
long that takes. At some point you go and I will just take a cab there. You
just come over to me at some point pretending to be someone else and just
seduce me."

"Okay. And who will I be?"

"Surprise me. I will be just me, because I want to know how it might feel."

"Okay. Let's do it. I'm excited about this. I'm going to pick up my wife in a
bar. Sounds like fun."

"It does. Just to give it something extra. Take off your ring before you go. I
will still be me, so I keep it on."

"Okay. Yes, let's do it."

It took me almost an hour to get ready. At some point I heard the front door
and Travis driving off. We had agreed on a bar we both liked. I looked at
myself in the mirror as I called for a cab to come pick me up. I was just about
ready when the doorbell rang. Nerves took hold of me, one last check in the
mirror and I went downstairs. About fifteen minutes later I walked into that
bar, sat down on a stool and ordered a glass of wine. I tried to find Travis in
the crowd but didn't succeed. After about ten minutes someone sat down next to
me at that bar. My heart started racing as I wondered who he would be.

"Alone here?" the man next to me said. It wasn't Travis, it was a total
stranger talking to me. I looked over and saw a very handsome man sitting next
to me. His square jaw was covered by a five o'clock shadow, his beautiful deep
blue eye sparkled and he had the best smile. I felt confused on what to do, I
was waiting for Travis to come and seduce me as this man was talking to me.
What should I do? I couldn't just ignore this guy.

"Yes," I replied, "Just wanted to get something to drink."

"Always go drinking this dressed up?"

"No, I hardly go out at all. I just felt like it. A girl likes to feel nice."

"Well, you succeeded. You sure got my attention."

"Thank you," I could feel myself blush a little. The sudden attention from a
total stranger made the butterflies fly again. I felt a rush through my body I
hadn't felt since the first time I met Travis. A feeling I had missed for a
long time, still I felt confused on what to do. As I looked back at my wine I
noticed Travis sitting at the other side of the bar, he smiled and nodded as if
to encourage me. Feeling a bit more secure about the whole situation I turned
back to the man next to me. "What about you? You alone here too?"

"Yeah, celebrating my divorce. Signed the papers today, bye bye Angela! Hope to
never see you again!"

"Was it that bad?"

"You can say that again. She was the worst. Didn't want to work and always
complained about how much I had to. Someone had to pay for everything she spent
in those stores. Luckily the judge saw it my way and awarded me most of what we
owned. If it had been up to her I would have lost everything."

"Kids?"

"We wanted to at first. Now I am just happy it never happened."

"I can understand that."

"What about you? I can see the ring on your finger. That's why I wondered why
you're here on your own."

"Oh, yes. He was supposed to come over," I didn't actually lie, I just didn't
tell him my husband was sitting on the other side watching us, "he just hasn't
come yet."

"Ah, busy man?"

"Yeah, lawyer. Always busy preparing for a case. I hardly get to see him
anymore. That's why I was all excited about tonight."

"A man should always make time for his wife. That's just my opinion. The name
is Mike, by the way."

"Laura, pleased to meet you."

"Nice to meet you too Laura. It's nice to talk to someone besides my co-workers
and friends."

"So why aren't you here with your friends then?"

"Ah, just wanted to be alone. Got crazy in that house so I decided to come
here."

"Good on you. I wouldn't know what to do if I were in your situation. I think I
would just lock myself up in my room and cry."

"Did that, done that, over that. She's not worthy any of my tears, trust me on
that one. Want another wine?" Before I could say anything he waved for the
bartender and ordered another round. We talked some more and it was amazing
how easy it was to talk to him. At some point a song was played and he asked me
to dance with him. He took my hand and guided me to the dance floor. As we were
dancing I could see Travis still sitting at the bar looking at us with a big
grin on his face. Seeing him enjoy himself made me feel more and more secure
about what I was doing and until then I was just talking to and dancing with a
man I had just met.

The music changed to a slow song and Mike took me in his arms. Feeling his arms
around me made my heart beat faster and I just looked up into his handsome
face. We didn't say a word, just looked into each others eyes and we kissed.
The world around me disappeared, all that was left was that light on that
handsome face. We kissed again and again, in the end our tongues met and danced
around each other as our bodies slowly moved to the music. "Let's go somewhere
more private," he whispered.

We ended up in a booth in the more dark part of the dance floor. He took me in
his arms once more and we kissed again. His hands went all over my body and I
felt something inside me that I had never felt before. My left hand landed on
his crutch and I softly squeezed it. As he was kissing my neck I whispered "I
need to be honest. My husband is sitting at the bar watching us. We wanted to
role play me picking up a guy at the bar. Never planned on actually doing it."

"Okay," he whispered as he looked at me, "I don't mind. Is he okay with this?"

"Yes," I panted, "more than okay. Want to come home with me?"

Thirty minutes later we walked into our house. In the middle of our living room
Mike took me in his arms again, we kissed and I didn't protest him pulling down
the zipper in the back of my dress. As my dress dropped down on the floor
Travis walked in, sat down on a chair and watching us. Mike was a little
startled until Travis introduced himself. "Continue," Travis said, "but stop
when she tells you to."

I looked at Travis as Mike cupped my breasts from behind. "Is this what you
want darling?" I said and Travis just nodded. I slowly placed my hands on my
back and unclasped my bra. With both hands a slid down the straps and let it
fall on the floor. Mike now cupped my naked breasts and I moaned. Inside me
raged a war between wanting to stop and needing to continue. When Mike started
kissing my neck again the latter won. I turned around and helped Mike out of
his shirt, kissing his torso all over, ending up at his mouth once more. He
lifted me up and carried me to the couch. I lifted my hips as he removed my
panties, I gasped as he spread my legs and started to lick me. My eyes met
Travis' gaze and I saw him smile.

After a few minutes I unbuckled his belt, unzipped his pants and gasped when I
saw what he was hiding from me. Within seconds it was so hard and I just wanted
to have him. I stared at Mike as I guided his cock towards my vagina. My eyes
went over to Travis as Mike slowly pushed his big dick inside me. "Oh my God!"
I shouted as I felt my labia spread for this strangers cock. Travis came over
and held my hand as Mike slowly started to pump. With every stroke I moaned "Oh
yes." Then I panted "It feels so good Travis. Oh I love his cock!"

Travis kissed me and sat down on a chair. I turned my attention to the man
inside of me. Put my arms around his strong neck and said "Fuck me! Fuck me
hard!" He started moving faster, ravaged me, put his hand on my throat and
squeezed softly. "Oh yes, choke me! Choke me harder!" I panted, "Fuck me as
hard as you can! Slap me! Make me feel like the dirty whore I am!" Mike just
grinned and before I realized he slapped me hard. The pain combined with the
pleasure of him pounding me almost made me orgasm. "Oh yes, yes. I want to come
all over that cock! Slap me! Make me a whore! I want you to fuck me hard!
Harder! Choke me! Slap me! Yes, yes, I'm coming. I'M COMING" A huge orgasm took
hold of me, my vagina clamped around the pole inside of me. I could feel every
inch of his throbbing cock and wanted more.

Mike spread my legs as wide as the could go, the rhythmic slapping of his body
against mine combined with the stretching of my vagina by his thick cock made
me crazy. "Oh yes, yes. Fuck me. I'm such a filthy whore! I love it!" After
plowing me for almost ten minutes he pulled out, groaned and unloaded his semen
all over my body. I had never seen a man come so much. I automatically started
giggling like a school girl and got on my knees to lick his dick clean. The
taste of his cum combined with my fluids tasted so good, I took his cock all
the way in and kept sucking, licking and kissing it.

It didn't take Mike long to get all hard again. I pushed him on the couch and
sat down on top of him, guiding his beautiful cock inside me all over again. I
was facing Travis and leaned back once Mike was inside me. I spread my legs
wider so my husband could see that strangers dick inside my pussy. I was
looking into my husbands eyes I started to ride that cock. With just a few
strokes I had another orgasm. I kept on riding Mike until I heard him groan
"I'm almost there. I'm almost there." I kept riding, felt him throb and twitch
inside me. When Mike shouted "I'M COMING!" I sat down on him, felt him unload
another load of semen. "Oh yes," I groaned, "Fill me up! Give me that cum!"
Feeling another man come inside me made me orgasm all over again.

Totally satisfied I got off Mike, sat down next to him and Travis sat down in
front of me. He spread my legs and watched Mike's cum drip out of me. Suddenly
he had this look on his face, took off his pants and just took me. He fucked me
so hard like he had never done before. I put my arms around him and said "Oh
yes. Fuck me my love. Fuck your little whore! I am yours! Take me!" With just a
few thrusts Travis explodes his seed inside me too. Knowing two men had filled
my pussy made me orgasm one last time. I was totally exhausted, felt so
satisfied I didn't even notice Mike had gotten dressed and left.

Travis was sitting next to me, kissing me, caressing me, loving me. We kissed
and we both knew this wouldn't be the last time.

## Chapter Two
It had been six months since that night at the bar. At first it had felt a
little uncomfortable between the both of us as we both had to come to terms
with what had happened. Slowly we both found peace with it and even loved
talking about that night. Although at the end of that night we both felt like
it wouldn't be the last time, when reality set in again it just felt
differently. Most of all for me, I had broken the vow I had felt so sacred to
me, it had been me who had been with someone else not Travis. For a long time I
had felt guilty about it, despite Travis telling me it was okay with him.

Marisha on the other hand was over the moon when I finally told her. She
welcomed me to the life style and said "Girl, a world is opening up to you
now. You will see." I just didn't see it that way, all I saw was the broken
trust between Travis and me. As time went on that feeling diminished and I felt
better about it. In the end I felt an urge that I wanted to relive that night
again.

"I just want it to be spontaneous," I said, "Just like that night. We didn't
plan it, it just happened."

"Sure, but nothing's wrong with planning it," Marisha replied, "Look at me and
Marius. We plan our dates and every single time it's wonderful. You just need
to find the right person for you and be clear about it. No strings attached,
just having fun."

"I don't know. It was just perfect how it went. It was like I was back in
college, you know? Like we did? Picking up guys at the bar."

"Oh girl, don't I know it. Remember that one guy who wanted the both of us?
What a creep."

"Yeah, still wondering though what would have happened if we had said okay."

"Really? Would you have wanted to?"

"Back then? No. Now? I'm not so sure."

"Really? Wow. That deserves another glass of wine," Marisha laughed. She
grabbed the bottle from the table and poured us another round of the godly
liquid. From the porch on the back of their house I could hear Travis cheer,
clearly his team had scored.

"Football!," I sighed, "I really don't get it."

"It's the Superbowl, girl!" Marisha laughed, "Just let them be so we can have a
nice glass of wine and talk about boys. Like we did in high school."

"Wow, that was a time," I sighed, "You with your hair all up. How much
hairspray did you use back then?"

"A lot," Marisha laughed, "Hours and hours in front of the mirror."

"Really? It looked like you didn't spend any time at all," I joked.

Marisha punched me "Not true! You were laying on my bed, watching me."

"I did, I did. Remember those awful miniskirts?"

"Oh yeah. I still have them somewhere. I might even still have some of those
shirts." She was quiet for a moment then said "I have an idea. Why don't we
surprise the boys. I mean the game is almost over." She looked at me with
sparkling eyes and a smirk that told me she was planning something devious. I
giggled and said yes.

We went upstairs and Marisha rummaged through a wardrobe in one of the rooms.
"Now where is it? No. No. Ah, here they are! Yes, still got them." She pulled
out a box filled with shirts, skirts and even pairs of the sneakers we wore
back then. We went into their master bedroom and giggled like we did in high
school. As we were playing dress-up a voice sounded from below "Where are you
two? What are you doing?"

"Don't come up here," Marisha shouted back, "We're doing girl stuff."

"Oh, okay. Just wanted to let you know Travis and I are going to get some food.
Want anything?"

"Yes, Thai. Bring me some Thai food."

"And Laura?"

"Bring me whatever you bring Marisha. It's fine by me."

We heard them drive off and giggled again. Marisha was putting her hair up just
like she did in high school. I just had it in a pony tail just like I did back
then. We both wore bright colored mini skirts, a t-shirt of our favorite band
back then and Marisha did our makeup according to how it was during that time.
We looked awful. "I can't remember what we even liked about this," I laughed
when we finally were done.

About ten minutes later we sat down in the living room, waiting for the boys to
return. When we heard the front door we both stood up and posed like all the
girl bands did back then. We both did our best not to giggle and look serious.
The moment the boys saw us they burst into laughter. "What did you do?" Matt
shouted, "Marisha?" Travis followed and said "Did you look like this in high
school? I love it!" That's when both Marisha and I lost it and burst into
laughter.

"Can you believe it? We actually looked like this in high school. Every single
day!" I shouted.

We sat down at the dining table to eat and shared stories about high school.
Matt, Marisha and I had gone to the same one, Travis had spent those years in
another part of the country.

"Oh my God," Marisha said, "I couldn't stand Matt back then. He still wore
those awful glasses and really looked like a geek. I hated it so much."

"Yes," Matt laughed, "the ugly duckling became a swan in college."

"More like a handsome duck," Marisha responded, "But my handsome duck."

"Oh my God. Remember that day in college when you saw Matt for the first time.
You have to know Travis, we were a year ahead of Matt."

"Oh yes. I couldn't believe my eyes. In high school Matt always wore the same
outfit, a shirt and a pair of jeans. That day he wore a jacked, a nice blouse
and a pair of slacks. He looked so handsome all of a sudden."

"Yes," I continued, "she turned to me and asked whether it really was Matt. I
just said yes and knew she would so go for him. And she did. Two years later."

"I just needed some time, that's all," Marisha laughed.

We had a good time remembering those times. The sharing of stories continued
as we moved from the dining table to the back porch. Matt lit a fire basket and
we all just sat down remembering times that had been. Travis shared stories
from the farm he grew up on. "Yeah, good times," he said, "My grandparents had
this horse nobody could ride. I never accepted that. Spent all the time I had
with that horse. Until one day he was so calm and accepted me, trusted me. I
got a saddle from the stables, put it on him and he just looked at me with
those big horse eyes. My grandmother ran out of the house the moment she saw me
riding Lightening in the pasture. She cheered and was so happy to see us riding
as the dust rose up. That horse just wanted to run. She opened the gate and a
guided him through it. The moment he knew he was out in the open he was off,
following my every guidance. It was like he had found a new life. It was one of
the best days of my life."

"Wow," I said, "You never told me that story before. I heard about Lightning
from your grandmother, never knew you were the one that tamed him."

"Yeah," Travis sighed, "I don't know why I forgot. Don't even know why I
thought of it today."

"We should go riding one day," I said to him as I held his arm, "I know you
want to."

"I've never ridden a horse," Marisha said, "Always felt a little scared of
them."

"Oh you should," Travis said to her, "I'm sure you'll love it."

We spent some more time talking about things. "It's already late," Marisha
said, "Why don't you just sleep here tonight. The guest bedroom is always
ready, that way we can have another round of drinks. What do you say?" I looked
at Travis and we both agreed to the idea as neither of us wanted to drive home.
We talked until late. At some point I was sitting with Matt on a couch as
something in the air seemed to change. I looked over at Marisha and Travis
sitting close to each other. Matt leaned over and kissed me. I heard a whistle
coming from the other couch and watched how Marisha kissed Travis. I giggled
and turned my attention to Matt again. We kissed some more, kissed turned unto
french ones and not for long his hands went all over my body.

He slowly got up and guided me to the guest bedroom. He undressed me and I
helped him. Just as we laid down on that bed, Marisha and Travis entered too.
The four of us were in the same bed some time later and I watched how Marisha
kissed Travis all over his body. Matt spread my legs apart and started to lick
me as I held my husbands hand. Marisha had his dick inside her mouth and I
could hear her slobbering my husbands penis. It just excited me so much to see
him enjoy himself. Then Marisha slowly came up again, kissing him all over, she
then looked at me and before I knew it she kissed me too. I opened my mouth and
for the first time I was french kissing a girl. As Marisha's tongue was inside
my mouth I could feel Matt placing his dick against my love hole. I moaned as
he took possession of me and when I opened my eyes I could see Marisha sitting
down on Travis' cock.

Hearing her moan made me feel so horny and I told Matt to fuck me as hard as he
could. He leaned over and I whispered in his ear "Oh yes, fuck this slut. Make
me a whore. Fuck me as hard as you can." I closed my legs behind his back and
kissed him passionately. I could hear Travis moan as Marisha rode him, I
groaned deeply as Matt plowed me. Moments later I was on top of Matt, sitting
right next to Marisha. I looked to my left and watched how Marisha's breasts
bounced as she bounced on my husbands cock. I leaned over and we kissed again.
"How does he feel?" I asked her.

"He feels so good," she panted, "I love fucking your husband." Twenty minutes
later we all laid on the bed, recuperating. Matt asked me to take a shower with
him and half an hour later we ended up in the master bedroom. I crawled against
his muscular body and fell asleep. The next morning when I woke up I needed
some time to remember where I was and smiled when I saw Matt laying next to me.
I crawled out of bed to go to the bathroom, for a moment I thought about going
downstairs to see whether Marisha had spent the night with Travis, but decided
against it.

Once back in the bedroom I got a simple dress out of Marisha's closet and
quietly went down the stairs. I took my time making a pot of coffee for
everyone as the door of the guest bedroom slowly opened. Travis appeared
quietly from the room. "Good morning," he said and smiled when he saw me
standing in their kitchen, "How was your night?"

"I just fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow, and you?"

"She's quite -- restless in bed," he answered, "Hardly slept at all."

"Oh, I'm sorry. But tonight you can sleep it off, I'll be right there next to
you." I kissed him and poured us two cups of coffee. By that time Marisha was
also awake and walked into the kitchen wearing Travis' shirt. "Morning," she
said as she yawned. I handed her a cup of steamy coffee and she thanked me. "I
thought I smelled this," she yawned again, "Is Matt still sleeping?"

"I guess so," I replied, "Heard you were quite restless tonight. He hardly
slept at all."

"Yeah, Matt complains about it sometimes. Can't help it though, I'm sleeping,"
she chuckled. After another twenty or so minutes Matt came to the land of the
living too and the four of us sat down on the back patio. The energy between us
had changed now we had done what we did, at least for me it had. I felt a
little uncomfortable looking at the man I had shared a bed with for the night
and couldn't help but wonder whether we had made the biggest mistake of our
lives. As they were talking my mind went spinning in a vicious circle that went
from bad to really bad. I excused myself for a moment, just wanted to be alone
for a while.

I stood in the kitchen almost panicking as Matt walked in. "Are you okay?" he
asked.

"I don't know. Did we make a mistake last night?"

"I don't think so. This is all part of the life style. You'll get used to it.
Has something changed between us, sure. That doesn't have to be a bad thing
though. I feel more connected to you than I have ever felt. We share an
_adventure_ now and I think that's beautiful."

"Right. Then why do I feel so -- strange."

"Well, I don't know," he got real close to me, took the cup from me and placed
it on the counter. "Could it be because you liked it?" He leaned forward and
almost kissed me. "I mean you aren't turning away now," he smiled and we kissed
again. I put my arms around his neck, opened my mouth and allowed his tongue
inside once more. He lifted me on the counter, spread my legs and I took his
semi erect penis to stroke it to full capacity. Then he slid inside me once
more. "Oh yes," I panted, "Yes, fuck me!"

Just as he started to pump Marisha walked in and smiled. "Get a room," she
laughed, made her and Travis another cup of coffee, slapped her husband on the
ass and said "You go tiger." Hearing her say that made the whole thing way more
exciting for me and I orgasmed instantly. My vagina clamped onto his penis and
I could feel every inch of it slide in and out of me. "Come inside me," I
panted, "Fill me up with your cum. I want it. I need it. Oh yes, come for me."
Moments after I could feel him throb inside me. "Yes, come for me. Give it to
me. Fill this filthy whore with all your seed." Matt groaned and exploded
inside me, I could feel ever wad of sperm being released into my womb. "Oh my
God, YES!" I shouted.

With Matt's cum dripping out of me we returned to the patio where Marisha and
Travis were talking about something. I sat down and smiled, the strange feeling
I had was gone. It was like the sun was shining brighter, the colors were more
vibrant and I felt happier than I had ever been before. I just had sex with my
best friends husband as my own was sitting mere feet from us talking about
small things. I had started to accept who I really was and what I needed, no
more denying myself things I wanted, no more secrets.

## Chapter Three

