# My Dirty Little Secret
_a series of erotic tales by Transgirl_

## Lonely

### Disclaimer
In all my stories I describe a country that doesn't really exist. It's basically
a mixture of several different countries, like the USA, Australia and countries
within Europe. So don't take it out on me if you read things that aren't wholly
according to reality, this is a story. I made it all up. Get over it.

Any resemblance to any person either living or dead is purely coincidental.

## December, 22 2019 posted by NightShade
Even though my friend insisted I join this site I don't really know what I'm
doing here. Despite my curiosity I don't feel like this is something for me,
maybe I'm wrong, but that's how I feel at the moment. Basically I just joined
to get her of my back, really. So I might just come by every now and again just
to see what's going on here, don't expect me to post much, this might even be
my first and only post, who knows?

Well, let's just get it over with. I'm a 32 year old mother of a 16 year old
son. Yes, I was one of those girls who got pregnant young, what can I say? We
were young, foolish and the result is sitting in his room right now doing
homework. Don't get me wrong I love my son, couldn't imagine my life without
him and I wouldn't have it any other way, but it took me some time to get to
peace with my situation, at least until the moment I held him in my arms for
the first time. It was in that moment I knew it was just meant to be. I never
understood the term _a mothers love_ until I held my son and looked into his
beautiful eyes for the first time.

What else is there to say? I am a single mom, had some boyfriends but nothing
ever lasted and according to my friend this is the place to find someone to
have dinner with, or go to a movie or maybe even more than that. I don't really
know or understand all this new internet stuff, but I do know the _old
fashioned_ way hasn't really worked out for me, so why not give it a go.

That's all for now, I don't really know what else to say.

Bye.

## January, 2nd 2020 posted by NightShade
So it seems my post got some attention. I almost forgot about this site, to be
honest and when I logged in I saw I had dozens of messages. I wanted to reply
to them all, but decided to just post this instead. Thank you for all your
lovely messages, it means a lot to me. I'm especially glad to hear you all
appreciated my honesty, now I have to admit that being honest whilst hiding
behind a nickname is a bit easier to do than in real life, if you know what I
mean.

Some of you had questions for me and some of them were rather personal. I just
do not feel comfortable enough to get that personal at this moment and
therefore I won't answer those questions right now, maybe later when I'm a bit
more comfortable posting here.

At least when my friend saw I had created an account here she was happy, so
that's a good thing I guess. There was one question that I am willing to
answer. Where is the father of my child? Well, he was seventeen at the time and
just as scared as I was, but he vowed to be there for him. Halfway through my
pregnancy he got into a car accident that took his life. I was devastated, but
his parents are still there for me. They love my son and he loves them too,
especially when the talk about his father and tell him all about the kind of
person he was. All he wanted to be was a marine and the day of the accident he
was on his way home after visiting a recruitment office. It was all just so
sad.

Although they fully understand me moving on at some point it's like I just
couldn't, Jake (not his real name) was the one for me and in some ways he still
is. Every man after him I compare to my true love and no one fits the bill, not
one. It maybe wrong what I do, I just can't help it. Could it be because my son
reminds me of Jake so much? They have so much in common. Little gestures, the
way they speak but most of all their genuine honesty. Both want to be honorable
men, honest men. Maybe that's what makes me tick, I don't know.

Times are uncertain right now, with that virus and all. I don't know what the
future will hold and how it will affect us all. Maybe I will come here more
often and just write down my thoughts, I don't know. Just be safe everybody!

Bye

## January 24 2020
It seems that the virus is really spreading now. All those people dying? It's
all so scary and now my son can't even go to school anymore. They are arranging
online classes. What am I to do? I can't work from home and having my son at
home all alone all day? Not that I don't trust him, it's just that he's my son
you know?

## February 10 2020
It's a fact now. Lock down. My boss has arranged for us to work from home. The
streets are empty and we all wear our masks when we go for groceries. It's all
so dystopian, but it's reality too. We can't shake hands anymore or hug
someone, this virus is just so scary. My son is the strong one from the two of
us, he just laughs it off and says that it will be over soon. I don't know,
creating a vaccine takes time, a lot of time. But what do I know.

It's just the two of us at home now. We try to make it as normal as possible.
We get up on the usual times, eat breakfast and I hurry him to get to school on
time. At the last moment he goes up the stairs, into his room and follows
classes. We even pretend not to know each other during lunch time, it's all so
funny at times. Yesterday I put on my old cheerleader uniform just to mess with
him. You should have seen his face when he saw me sitting there. He looked at
me and I scuffed and asked him if I was wearing anything he owned. He blushed
and sat down on the couch to eat his lunch. I pretended to be on the phone with
a friend, it was so much fun. Maybe I will do it again tomorrow, I just loved
it so much.

## February 11 2020
It happened again. I just couldn't not do it. Just before lunch I changed into
my uniform and sat down in the kitchen. This time however my son was a little
more brazen and when I scuffed at him he just told me to piss off and sat down
at the table with me. I was a little taken back with his reaction, I must admit
and we just sat there ignoring each other. It was like I was in high school all
over again.

He was on the phone with one of his friends and somehow they must have seen me
because I heard them say "Who's the hottie sitting at the table with you?" I
almost blushed, especially when my son said "Who? Oh, just some random chick. I
don't know her." He was playing along and I couldn't have been more proud at
that moment. Then he got up and walked away, stood outside the back porch for a
while before he just walked in, nodded his head to me and went upstairs again.
When I was making dinner he came down the stairs, threw his backpack on the
floor like he used to do and said "Hey mom. How was your day?"

"It was fine honey," I replied, "How was school?"

"Ah, same old same old."

"Meet any nice girls?"

"Nah, there's this one chick though. I think she's a cheerleader. Really thinks
a lot of herself. Well, I showed her today. I just sat down at her table and
ate my lunch."

"Wow, look at you go." I laughed, "But maybe she's not like you think she is.
Maybe she's really uncertain of herself and just doesn't know how to cope with
the real world. Ever thought about that?"

"Huh," he pondered, "No. No she's just that uptight. What's for dinner?"

I love it so much. It's just like he's in school for real and I know it's just
pretend, but it really helps us cope with this whole situation.

## February 12 2020
Today I thought I might mix it up a little and dressed like a nerdy school
girl, glasses, ponytails and all. I waited for him to go down the stairs and I
followed a few minutes later, pretending to be all shy and all. I walked into
our _cafeteria_ and just stood there for a moment with my lunchbox in hand. It
took him a while to notice me and he smiled "You can sit here if you want to. I
won't bite."

I sat down on the far end of the table, placed my lunch in front of me and just
started to eat. When I got my juice box out he said "Wow, Fruity Juice. Nice" I
just looked at him, lowered my head and smiled shyly. "Hi," he said, "My name
is David and who are you?" I didn't look at him and said "Luna." 

"You new here? I don't think I ever saw you here before."

"Transfer," I said softly, "My dad is in the army. We move a lot. I.. I gotta
go." I got up and rushed off up to my room. There I leaned against the door and
giggled like a school girl. This was just too much fun.

Hours later when I was making dinner David came down, threw his backpack on the
table again. "How was school honey?" I asked. His eyes lit up and said "I met
this girl today, Luna. Shy girl. She told her father is in the army and they
move a lot. I think I might show her around tomorrow, you know so she doesn't
feel so alone."

My heart froze a little, this whole charade started to go a little too far but
I could see he was having fun with it so I thought who cares. "That's nice of
you. If she really moves a lot she probably doesn't have a lot of friends."

"I thought the same thing. Maybe I could be her friend."

We sat down for dinner, watched some TV and then he went upstairs to do his
homework. As I sat in the living room alone my thoughts went to our little
charade. Were we going to far with this? Are we making a big mistake here? It's
almost like we both need this distraction from what's happening in the world
right now. What do you think? Should we stop?

## February 20, 2020 posted by NightShade
I was mom again for the past few days. It is clear to me that David (not his
real name, by the way) is missing our little get together. So I might do it
again tomorrow, but I still don't know if we should.

### February 20, 2020 posted by LittleMissCould
You really should continue. I've started to do the same with my son and we love
it. It gives us both a sense of normality. We live in a small town and there's
not a lot we can do out there. This way we both feel like it's normal again,
like nothing really changed. And besides it's so much fun.

### February 20, 2020 posted by MissMiranda
I totally agree. This is such a good idea, I started to do it with both my
children. We even prolonged it for time after school. I've never been closer to
my daughter than right now. We pretend to go shopping, get something to eat at
_the diner_ where my son now _works_ and later tonight I'm taking my son _to
the movies_. We even went so far as to change the living room so it looks like
a diner or, in case of tonight, a movie theater. We all love it so much.

### February 20, 2020 posted by NightShade
You might all be right, I'll think about it. Thank you for all your responses
though, it really helps.

## February 21, 2020 posted by NightShade
Well, I did it. Today I played the cheerleader again. Her name is Alison and
she's just a year older than David. Her parents are going through a divorce
right now and she's really uncertain and blames the world for all her problems.
It's so nice to give them a background for our little role play.

So I sat at the table again and this time David didn't even say anything when
he sat down. I just looked at him, gave him a dirty look and he just smiled.
From the corner of my eyes I could see him checking me out. Even though I know
I'm his mother it did something to me, something I shouldn't feel. To my own
utter amazement I arched my back a little more. He didn't seem to mind at all
and when I looked back at him he turned his head away quickly. I just had to
giggle a little.

## February 22, 2020 posted by NightShade
Today David showed Luna around _campus_ a little, we stood outside on the back
porch for a while and talked. We talked about real things, things we had never
spoken about before. He told me all about how he felt about his father and not
knowing him. "I wish I would have known him," he said, "if any of the stories
my grandparents told me are true, than he would have been such a good dad. Is
it strange that I miss someone I don't even know?"

At that moment a total sense of love came over me, I never knew that about him.
"No," I said, "I think it's normal that for you to miss your dad." And that
wasn't even acted, that's how I really feel. "If you want to you can tell me
all about him," I continued, "I would love to hear about him."

"Maybe I will," he replied, "Not right now though. Classes start in a few, but
thank you."

"Thank you for showing me around," I replied, "I've moved a lot in the past few
years and don't really have any friends. So thank you."

"You're welcome," he replied, "and it's nothing really."

## February 23, 2020 posted by NightShade
What should I do? Luna and David almost kissed today! I can't do that, can I?
I'm still his mother, but somehow I really want this to play out too. What the
hell should I do?

### February 23, 2020 posted by MissMiranda
Just run with it. You're playing a role. That's what I do. And as I said I've
never been _closer_ to my daughter. ;)

## February 24, 2020 posted by NightShade
My son was all sad at dinner tonight. Seems like Luna moved away again. Her
father got stationed thousands of miles away. It was Alison who broke the news
to him during lunch.

"Did you hear about that new girl?"

"No what?"

"She's gone. I heard her father got stationed overseas."

"What? Really? Wow."

"Yeah, good riddance I say. She seemed like a bitch."

"What makes you say that?"

"Oh I know the type. Acting all shy and all."

"I think you are wrong about her. She was really nice, still is."

"Whatever. She's gone now."

I just had to. It was getting out of hand, but now my son is all sad sitting at
the dinner table. He doesn't want to watch TV or do anything. Did I make the
wrong choice? What should I do?

## March 2 2020 posted by NightShade
Guess who's back? Seemed like Luna's father wasn't stationed far away after
all. She was just visiting her grandparents as her grandmother had just passed
away. David was all comforting and put his arms around me to comfort me.

"If you ever want to talk," he said and I just looked at him, into his
beautiful blue eyes that look so much like his fathers. Before I realized it we
kissed and I liked it! My God, I love kissing my son!
