# My Dirty Little Secret
_erotic tales by Transgirl_

## Making Changes

### Chapter One
Feeling excited I sat down at my vanity to dry and brush my hair. For the first
time in years I was going on a date again, just a dinner and a movie but there
was always the chance something more could happen. As I sat there my thoughts
went back to how it all had led to this and I giggled softly. With my hair now
being done I concentrated on doing my makeup like the way he liked it. I made
sure my lips where the shade of red he wanted them to be.

I got up when it all was done and looked over at the box he had sent me. My
heart was racing as I opened it. I gasped when I saw the lingerie and dress
inside it, I had never owned something this expensive. I took it all out of the
box when I saw the card accompanying it. _I can't wait to see you in this_ the
car read, I smiled and placed it on my night stand.

I put on the lingerie and thought "Now I understand why you wanted to know my
measurements." I looked at myself in the mirror and was very pleased with what
I saw. Then I put on the dress, it had a beautiful tight dark red dress showing
all my curves. The front was cut low to show a little of my cleavage and the
back was totally naked till where my hips started. I opened up my jewelry box
and chose a necklace and earrings that best suited my outfit. The whole outfit
was completed with a nice pair of six inch heels.

After checking myself in the mirror one last time I was pleased with the result
and at that exact time the doorbell rang, my taxi had arrived to pick me up.
Slowly I walked down the stairs and walked into the living room, kissed my
husband and told him not to wait up for me. With my heart racing, butterflies
in my belly I got into the cab that would take me to my date. I opened up my
clutch and got out the invitation he had sent me. "Meet me at the Dixie
Country Club at 8. I will send a taxi to come pick you up at 7:30, just make
sure you are ready by then."

On the ride over my thoughts went back to how it all had begun and how it
gradually had led up to this moment: the day I was being paid to go on a date
with a very rich and handsome man. As this was my very first client as an
escort I was feeling anxious, scared but I also felt excited and was looking
forward to what might happen. It took the driver almost thirty minutes to get
to the club, one of the doormen opened the door for me and I stepped out of the
taxi after the driver said "It's all been paid for already. Have a pleasant
evening ma'am."

I showed the doorman my invitation and for the first time in my life I set foot
inside one of the most elite country clubs in the country. "Mr Ryan is waiting
for you in the Madison Lounge, ma'am," the doorman said and he showed me where
it was. The clacking of my heals on the marble floor reverberated in the
humongous hall as I made my way over. As soon as I turned the corner I saw him
sitting in a chair near the fireplace which had a fake fire inside of it. I
never understood the need of those things where we lived. The coldest it got 
was around 64 degrees Fahrenheit, most people who lived here never had seen
real snow ever.

"Ah miss Lark," he said as soon as he saw me, "Please sit down with me. So good
to see you."

"Mr Ryan," I replied, "Thank you for the gifts you sent me, not necessary but
truly appreciated."

"Ah, don't mention it," he replied, "I'm just glad to see you liked it."

"I am so sorry to bring this up, but there is a business matter we should
address," I said, "Is there any place a little more private where we can
discuss those matters?"

"I like a woman who cuts to the case. I really do. But we can talk here.
Nothing ever leaves this club. Sort of a unwritten rule so to say. Did you know
that Micky O'Rourke sat right over there when he gave the order to wipe out his
competition? Yes he did. He owned the club back then, before it became a
country club that is. All the biggest names in the mafia came here, this was
sort of like Switzerland so to say. I'm just telling you this because that's
when the tradition of absolute discretion started." He looked straight at me,
got out his wallet and handed me the 3,000 dollars we had agreed upon.

After I had counted it I put it in my clutch and said "Well then I'm all yours
for the night. Where are we going?"

"That's a surprise my dear," he said with a smile, "It's all a big surprise."
His whole demeanor changed as he said "She's accepted the money guys." As soon
as he spoke those words men stormed in from all sides, guns drawn. "Miss Laura
Davis, you are under arrest for solicitation under the Hellman Act of 2012.
Please stand up, hands behind your back." My heart dropped as soon as they all
stormed in, I looked at who I thought was Mr Ryan. He just raised his arms as
to say "I'm sorry".

I was guided to a police car and put in the back of a van. They secured me to a
chain with another pair of cuffs just before we drove off. I couldn't believe
this was happening to me on my very first date as an escort. They must have
driven around for almost thirty minutes before I was let out and roughly guided
into some indistinct building, all I could see was a small sign stating
"Precinct 5" but they pushed me along too fast to read the rest. They shoved me
into a holding cell after taking my jewelry, heels and my clutch.

"Don't I get a phone call?" I asked and all I got was "Yes, when we get to it."

I must have sat in the cell for hours when a female officer opened the door and
said "Against the wall. I'm here to frisk you." I did as I was told and she
opened my legs wider with her knees. She moved her hands all over my body and I
wondered what she thought I might hide in this dress I was wearing. Then all of
a sudden she touched my breasts and squeezed them a few times. "Do you like
when I'm doing this?," she asked, "I mean you are a whore, aren't you?"

When she proceeded to lift up my skirt I was totally dumbfounded, couldn't
process what was happening. Her hand went to my vulva and she rubbed my clit
sending shivers up and down my spine. "Oh, I think someone likes what I am
doing." She then took off my dress, turned me around and kissed me as she
pinned me to the wall. "Come," she said sternly and grabbed my arm. She took me
to another room, a dark room with the only light shining on what I should have
described as an examining chair. You know the one with stirrups.

She placed me on that chair, took off my thong and placed my legs in the
stirrups, securing them with leather straps. My arms were secured to my side
and just as she was finished a man appeared from the dark. Without warning he
placed his penis against the opening of my vulva and pushed it inside me.
Despite being scared it did feel good and I moaned. After just a few thrusts I
could feel him sending his sperm up my vagina. As soon as he pulled out another
man walked up to me, repeating what the first one had done before.

After about an hour at least ten men had unloaded their seed inside my very
fertile womb. On the request of Mr Ryan I had stopped taking the pill about six
months before. Then I got the biggest surprise of them all, out of the dark
stepped my husband, his cock was bigger than I had ever seen it before. He
unstrapped my arms and kissed me before he too shoved his cock deep inside my
now fully wet and cum filled pussy. I put my arms around him and whispered "I
love you so much. Fuck this whore wife of yours, fuck this slut like you've
never fucked me before."

When he had unloaded too that woman stepped forward, now only dressed in the
nicest lingerie I had ever seen. She knelt down and started to lick me, sucking
all that cum out of my pussy. Out of nowhere the biggest orgasm I had ever had
overtook my body, everything started to shake and it all went black before my
eyes. All through that orgasm I could feel her tongue on my clit and inside my
labia, waves of pleasure jolts came over me like ocean covers a beach.

It took me a while to regain my breath and when I opened my eyes, the room was
lit up and everyone was standing around me in a circle. The first one I saw was
Mr Ryan. He walked up to me and said "Now there's just me you have to please."
He unzipped his pants and placed his big fat cock against my asshole, my virgin
asshole. In a panic I looked at my husband who just stood in that circle
nodding at me.

All their and my juices had made my ass really slippery and before I realized
he was inside my ass. Pushing deeper inside me. "Oh my God," I shouted, "He's
in my ass!" Everybody clapped and cheered as I shouted "He's really in my ass!
I love it, it feels so good! Fuck me, fuck my ass hard. I want you to fill my
ass with your cum." Mr Ryan started to plow me, ravage my asshole and I put my
arms around his muscular torso. "Oh yes, fuck me. Fuck my ass. Oh yes, yes,
yes, I love it." With a growl he exploded deep inside my ass and I had another
orgasm. As he pulled out of me I said "I want another one. I want you!" I
pointed at the biggest cock in the group.

The big black man walked up to me, placed his tip against my now gaping ass and
slowly pushed it in. "Oh my God! Yes, yes, stretch me out. Oh I want you to
fuck me as hard as you can. Fill my ass with your cum! Oh I love being a
whore!" He slammed his cock deep inside me and fucked me so hard I came
multiple times until he exploded inside my ass.

When I came to my senses the room was empty. It was just me and that woman, she
handed me my lingerie, my dress and my heels. "Get cleaned up," she told me and
showed me a bathroom. I took a shower, refreshed my look with the makeup that
was there, got dressed and stepped outside. She handed me my clutch and took me
outside where another of those vans was waiting for me. After another long
drive I was let out and she said "Just get into that car, he will take you to
your next stop."

That stop was one of the most expensive restaurants in town. I gave my name to
the waiter and he guided me to a table in the back where Mr Ryan was waiting
for me. "Please sit down," he said, "You did a wonderful job today and I just
wanted to celebrate with you." We had a lovely dinner as I felt all their cum
slowly drip out of me. Halfway through dinner he put his hand on my leg and
slowly moved up until he could slip my thong to the side. As we were having
desert he had two fingers inside my wet pussy and was fingering me right there
in the restaurant.

We ended up having sex in the bathroom and he unloaded another load of sperm
inside my now cum hungry pussy. As we went outside he waved for a taxi and said
"Thank you for everything you've done today. Have a good rest of the night and
maybe we can do more business at a later date."

"I would love that," I replied and got in the cab that took me home. Back to my
husband, back to being a mother of two, back to my _real_ life:.
