# My Dirty Little Secret
_a series of erotic tales by Transgirl_

## Momentary Lapse Of Reason

### Disclaimer
In all my stories I describe a country that doesn't really exist. It's basically
a mixture of several different countries, like the USA, Australia and countries
within Europe. So don't take it out on me if you read things that aren't wholly
according to reality, this is a story. I made it all up. Get over it.

Any resemblance to any person either living or dead is purely coincidental.

### Chapter One
We had been high school sweethearts before we got married despite our parents
telling us we were way too young. But we were in love and wanted to spend the
rest of our lives together. During our college years we had a bit of a rough
patch but we got through it and after graduation we finally got to move in
together. It was a strange time those years in college, my friends were going
to parties to meet people and I was the only married one there. Seeing them
having fun was hard sometimes but you could call me anything but disloyal to my
husband and there had been plenty an opportunity to fail my vows.

From the moment we were together again we inseparable during the hours we were
together like we were making up for lost time. We both had busy jobs and tried
to make the most of the time we had together. But corporate live had started to
change him, he slowly became less forgiving, less empathetic. He started
working late more and more, even on nights we had agreed to spend together
calling me with excuses, saying he was sorry. Ever so slow I started to suspect
something more was going on, something we hadn't done during those four years
we had been forced to live apart from each other. Four years of me being
faithful to him, despite all the seductions around me.

Week after week he worked late almost every day of the week and even had to
work during the weekends. "This is a big project," he said one day when he came
home around midnight and went straight to bed as he had to be in at six the
next day. He didn't even kiss me goodnight when he went to bed, something he
always did until then. When I followed him about half an hour later he was
sound asleep and I decided to sleep in the other room as I didn't want to wake
him up. That was the first time we didn't sleep in the same bed, something that
would happen more and more. He didn't even question my reasons the next
morning, he only left a not saying he loved me and he would be home as soon as
he could.

With every week I felt lonelier. Spending time with my friends did make me feel
better but coming home to that empty house always confronted me with the truth
and my suspicions grew larger until I was sure he was cheating on me. There
just wasn't a moment I could confront him with it, he never gave me time to do
so. Every time I wanted to talk he had an excuse. "Not now baby, I gotta be
back at work in half an hour." or "Oh baby, can we talk about it later. I'm
just too tired.", things like that. Where was the time we couldn't stop talking
with each other, the time we used to share every secret we had? I missed those
times so much.

On a Friday afternoon I went to get a drink with my co-workers to end the week.
Ever since my husband started to work late I had started to go with them. This
time our boss went with us as we had caught up the requests for help we had
received over the past few weeks. "It's time to celebrate," he had said, "The
first round is on me." Everybody cheered when he said that and on our way to
the bar around the corner we started to chat. My boss was just a few years
older than me and we had always gotten along great. He was married and a father
of two beautiful daughters. His wife worked as a teacher at a school for
disabled people, something he said he was so proud of. In the bar we continued
to chat and it felt good to get some attention again. I sat at the end of the
bar with my back to the wall, he sat down next to me.

As we celebrated our small victory his hand touched my leg sending a shiver
down my spine, not of disgust or fear more of pleasure and lust. When he
noticed I didn't pull my leg away he got more daring and placed his hand on my
knee. I suppressed a moan, but kept my leg where it was. I just looked if
anyone had seen it and wanted him to go further. I just craved male attention
so much, as my husband and I hadn't been _together_ for weeks if not months. I
tried to act as casual as possible as his hand went up my leg little by little,
slowly moving to the inside of my leg. As he went higher I opened my legs a
little more and kept looking around if anyone was watching us, but nobody
really was. When his hand reached the inside of my thighs, inches from my
private parts I felt my face get hotter and just at the moment my boss was
asked to make a speech and he stepped away. A coworker sat down next to me as
we listened to him talk. An hour later I walked into the empty house, got
myself a wine and as I sat down on the couch I could still feel my boss's hand
on the inside of my thighs. 

Three days later I was called into his office, something that usually wasn't a
good thing. I sat down on the chair across from his desk. "I don't want to
disturbed for the next hour or so," he told his assistant as he closed the
door. Another sign nothing good was about to happen. I got really nervous all
of a sudden and tried to come up with reasons I had to come to his office, I
never had gotten complaints and my manager was very happy with my work. He
walked up to me and when he stood behind me he put is hands on my shoulders.
"You might be wondering why I asked you to come," he said. I nodded and said "I
have no idea. Have I done something wrong?"

"No, no, quite the contrary. I've read your files and your manger is very happy
with everything you do. And if she's happy I'm happy too." A response that made
me wonder why I was there. "I just wanted to show my appreciation for
everything you've done for me over the past few years and especially the past
few weeks." As he was talking his hands slowly went lower on me, I moved around
on the chair a little as I didn't know how I to respond. I should have slapped
his hands. I should have gotten up and walked out angry. But I did nothing of
the sorts, it was like I froze and didn't know what to do. His hands went lower
and underneath my blouse, he even undid the first few buttons. I looked up at
him as he reached my breasts and wriggled his fingers underneath the cups of my
bra. Feeling hands on my mounds felt so good, even though they weren't my
husbands. I arced my back a little and stared at the picture of his wife
smiling at me. He softly squeezed them and I couldn't resist to moan a little.

"Take your blouse off," he said and despite my brain saying no my hands went to
the buttons and I slowly undid all of them. Moments later my blouse was laying
on the floor and I sat there in my bra. I leaned forward so he could undo the
clasps in the back and with my face turning red I watched how my bra landed on
top of my blouse. There I was sitting topless in my boss's office, the door was
closed but not locked. The fear of his assistant walking in and catching us was
just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins. He grabbed my
pillows again and squeezed them a little harder. I bit my lip as I looked up at
him and started to breath a little heavier. I wanted him to stop, but I wanted
him to continue at the same time. It was all just so confusing.

He stepped to the side, his crutch was just inches from my face. Instinctively
I knew what he wanted me to do and despite my brain telling me otherwise I
slowly opened his pants and took out his one-eyed snake. I had to gasp when I
saw how big it was and looked up as I put out my tongue to lick it. It tasted a
bit salty, but I liked it. I licked it again and again until I opened my mouth
to take it in. I moaned as I tasted his cock, I had always loved sucking cock.
After a few seconds I took it all in and gagged as I felt the penis go down my
throat. His dick was way bigger than my husbands and seeing the picture of his
smiling wife from the corner of my eyes made it even more intense. He put his
hands on my head and pushed his dick even deeper down my throat and made me
stay there for a few seconds. I was gagging all that time and when he finally
let me go I had to take a deep breath and cough. The look on his face had
changed and he pushed his dick deep inside my throat again, with his hands he
kept me there for even longer this time and I loved every single second of it.
His dick just tasted too good and I had missed it so much.

When he finally came I had to do my best to swallow it all as he was deep
inside my mouth the moment he exploded. "Meet me in room 248 of the Sheraton,"
he said as he straightened his clothes, "Come around six, right after work." I
didn't know what to say but "Yes sir." I got dressed again, did my hair the
best I could and just before I left the office I said "Is there anything else?"
He shook his head and I walked out, back to my cubical. The moment I sat down I
couldn't believe what just had happened. There I was accusing my husband of
cheating and now I just had done the thing I had accused him off. I felt
ashamed, guilty and just wanted to go home. "I'm not going to that hotel," I
told myself and tried to concentrate on work the best I could for the rest of
the day. A coworker even asked me what had happened as my mood had clearly
changed the moment I had to go to the office. "Nothing," I said, "Just let me
be. I will be alright, just some private things." She nodded and said "Whenever
you want to talk..."

At the end of the day I got into my car still determined to go home, but at the
intersection where I normally turned left to go home, I turned of right. To
downtown instead of home in the suburbs. To doing something stupid instead of
choosing safety. Twenty to six I parked my car near the hotel, I had been lucky
to get one of the few free spots available. It meant I had to walk for a while
but I accepted it as it would give me time to turn around and just go home.
Multiple times I stopped walking trying to convince myself to do the latter,
but the excitement of it all, the sheer thrill of doing something risky got the
better of me every time. A few minutes past six I knocked on the door of room
248, my heart was racing and I was cursing at myself for even being there.

It took a few seconds for the door to open. My boss smiled when he saw me and
invited me in. I really felt he could hear my heart beat and I hesitated for a
second before I did go inside. He closed the door behind us and I walked into
that small hotel room. A room as you would expect in a hotel, nothing really
special. I looked out the window overseeing the city below as he walked up to
stand behind me. His put his arms around my waist and his hands went up to my
breasts. I leaned backwards into his embrace and my right arm around his head.
He bent down to kiss my neck and ever so slowly he undid my blouse again. It
didn't take long for me to stand in that window topless. Then he proceeded to
open the zipper of my skirt and I helped him pull it down. There I was standing
in the window just wearing my thong.

His hands went all over my body and I breathed heavily. I turned my head and we
kissed for the first time. I turned around, put my arms around his neck and
opened my mouth for his tongue. He tasted so good. I pulled up his shirt and
he raised his arms to help me. When I dropped it on the floor I pressed my
upper body against his muscular torso, he was twice the size of my husband and
his arms were the same way. Feeling his strong arms around me made me shiver in
a good way. I slowly went down kissing his body until I reached his pants. I
undid his buckle, pulled down the zipper and pulled it down together with his
boxers. His snake was already fully erect and popped up like a flag pole. I
gasped again when I saw it and licked it again.

He pulled me up and we laid down on the bed, I knelt down between his legs and
took his hard cock in my mouth once again. My heart was beating so fast and I
knew what was about to happen. After sucking him for a while he pulled me on my
back and proceeded to take off my thong. He spread my legs and the moment I
felt his tongue on my clit I knew we had reached the spot of no return. I
moaned and placed my hands on his head. I spread my legs wider as he licked my
labia, sucked my clit and when he got up I knew what was about to happen. With
my heart beating as fast as it possibly could without giving me a heart attack
I felt the tip against my labia. I was so wet by this time they didn't even
resist and before I realized I felt his big fat cock enter me. "Oh yes," I
panted, "Yes. Wow, you are so big." When he was all the way inside me, his
balls against my ass I opened my eyes and we kissed. "Fuck me," I panted when
he looked at me, "Fuck me as hard as you can."

He was pounding away and I lost myself in his rhythm, the feeling of his big
fat dick sliding in and out of me, my boobs swaying with every thrust. I closed
my eyes and all I saw was a world of lust, a place where this man would never
stop fucking me. I spread as wide as I possibly could, I wanted to feel that
cock as deep as possible and I started to moan loudly. If the people next door
could hear me I didn't know and I didn't care, all I cared about was that
beautiful cock inside my pussy. "Oh my God yes," I panted, "Yes, yes, fuck me.
Make me come all over that cock of yours. I love it so much, I love being
fucked."

When he pulled out I pushed him on his back and sat down on that hard pole of
his. "Oh yes," I moaned as I felt it spread my labia, "My god do you have a
good cock. I wish my husband had one just like yours." I moved my hips faster
and faster, my clit grinding against his body. I grabbed my boobs and squeezed
them hard. "Do you like my tits?" I asked him, "huh, I saw you watching every
time you walked by. My full, all natural breasts. Oh yes, I love it so much."

He looked at me with a certain look on his face I couldn't quite place, he had
a smirk and a twinkle in his eyes. "So you admit you are a slut? A whore?" he
whispered. At first I didn't quite understand what he said and he repeated it a
little louder. I just nodded and he said "I want you to say it out loud. Tell
me what a slut you are. Tell me you want to be a whore."

"I am a slut," I said softly, "I am a whore, a cumbucket."

"What did you say?" he smiled, "I didn't hear you."

"I am a slut," I said a little louder, "A whore."

"Still can't hear you."

"I AM A SLUT, A WHORE! I LOVE BEING FUCKED!" I shouted and as I said those
words I came so hard. My vagina contracted and I could feel every inch of that
big cock inside me. I sagged down on him catching my breath. When I did he
whispered "Look to your right. See that statue? That isn't from the hotel. I
brought it. It's a spy cam and your husband is watching on the other side. He's
watching how his wife is cheating on him, how she just said what a slut and a
whore she is."

My heart froze as I saw the little circular opening in the belly of the statue.
A little hole I hadn't noticed until then. I rolled off him and covered myself
with the sheets. Then I looked at him with my face turned white. "Is that
really --" I couldn't finish and my boss just nodded. As I got up to get my
clothes he said "And he's waiting at home for you." He even chuckled when I
looked at him in total fear. "Why?" was all I could say before I disappeared
into the bathroom. I got dressed as quickly as I could. Grabbed my purse as I
rushed out of that room. All the way home I wanted to cry but held it in. All
the excuses ran through my head, from "It didn't mean anything" to "You made me
do it", all just too lame to use and the closer I got to home the more scared I
got. Despite everything I still loved my husband and was so afraid I was about
to loose him.

My hand was shaking as I reached for the door. My husband was sitting at the
kitchen table when he saw me walk in. "Sit down," was all he said. On the
monitor next to him I could see the hotel room I had just left, my boss was
walking around getting dressed. He waved as he turned of the camera. Travis
slowly turned to me and said "So my suspicions were correct." His voice sounded
cold and hard, the look on his face didn't show any emotion at all. As a
manager he had learned to not show emotions at certain moments and this was one
of them.

I wanted to say something but he shushed me and said "Don't speak. There's
nothing you can say that I don't already know. I mean I saw you. I heard what
you said in that room." He shushed me again as I tried to speak. "Don't speak I
said. It's not your turn to talk. You can talk whenever I am good and ready for
you to talk. I --" He took a deep breath and said something I hadn't expected
on the way home. Something so far out of my box I would never even have thought
of it. He took another deep breath before he said "Remember when we talked
about fantasies we had? Remember what you told me back then? Do you? I never
ever forgot. At first I was angry, wanted to leave you and I almost did. But
then I realized I can't live without you. I need you in my life and I am
willing to do anything to keep you. Anything."

"I don't really --" He shushed me again with his finger.

"You told me that you fantasized about being with other men. How you used to
masturbate to videos where women were having sex in front of their husbands.
How you dreamed about being with a black man, without any sort of protection
even. You even orgasmed as you were telling me that. The longer I thought about
it the more I realized I could never ever satisfy you. I could never ever give
you what you need. Something I also realized was that you take our vows
seriously and you would never ever break them. Even if it meant you wouldn't be
happy. You would never ever willingly break our vows. Never."

I looked down and waited for him to finish. As he spoke I knew what he
remembered that night he was talking about. We had been dating for almost two
years and after a few glasses of wine we ended up in bed. He challenged me to
tell him my deepest sexual fantasy and with the alcohol lowering my guard I had
told him that. But that was so long ago and I had never ever cheated on him
until that day.

I looked up as he started to speak again "So I needed a plan. Remember that
week I had to go on a business trip? To that conference for managers. Well Dave
was there too and we got to talking because we're from the same town and such.
One thing led to another and when he found out you were my wife he got elated.
He told me how beautiful you were and how lucky I was. You know, like men do
sometimes. He then told me he was in an open relationship, that he and his wife
had _escapades_ outside their marriage. He told me how it had enriched his life
and how he loved seeing his wife with another man. To see how much she enjoyed
herself and she was getting what he never ever could give her. That made me
rethink everything. And the next day we came up with a plan. A plan in which I
would _work late_ and distance myself a little more. At the right time he would
swoop in and seduce you. We both knew you wouldn't be able to resist because
you crave the attention, the sex. And today we both saw the real you, the one
I've been looking for for so long."

"What do you mean _the one you've been looking for_. I don't understand."

"The more I thought about it, the more I saw those little things you do like
flicking your hair, arcing your back but the biggest sign was that you never
complained when someone placed their hands on your waist or ass. You clearly
didn't mind them doing so, quite the contrary to me it always looked like you
wanted them to."

"No," I protested, "You are making that up."

"Am I? Think about it. Last time we were at a party and you were talking to
that guy, with the long blond hair --"

"Andy you mean? What about him?"

"Yeah, Andrew. He had his hand on your back the whole time and you were wearing
that low cut dress. His hand went lower and lower the longer you two were
talking. In the end his hand was on your ass. Underneath your dress and as far
as I know even inside your panties. I don't know, I couldn't see."

I felt my face turn red. We were standing way in the back and my back was
turned to the wall. I was so sure nobody was standing behind us and nobody had
seen it. Clearly I had been mistaken. The only excuse I could have brought up
was that this all happened during the time he was ignoring me. At the time I
knew it was wrong and I shouldn't be doing it, but my body overruled my brain
and I didn't protest. But as far as I knew I hadn't encouraged it either. "You
saw all that?" I softly asked.

"Oh yes," Travis responded, "And I liked it. All I thought at the moment was
'You can feel it buddy, but she's coming home with me.' It made me feel so
proud that you are my wife. A woman men think still is very attractive and I
love that they think that way about you."

"Really? I mean I would have jumped in and asked what the hell they were
thinking."

"Yes, I know. But that's your brain speaking. Your brainwashed brain. We are
all taught that monogamy is the way to go, but is it? I am doubting that
statement. I am doubting it very much lately. Look Laura, I love you and I
don't ever want to loose you, but I'm afraid that if I don't give you your
freedom I will. So in order to keep you next to me I have to let you go. There
is not other choice and the moment I realized that I felt a peace come over me
that I never have experienced before. And I won't deny it, I will not lie.
Seeing you with him tonight, how you enjoyed his attention made me very horny.
I loved seeing you pleasure a man so much I just had to pleasure myself."

"You did?" I felt myself blush, leaned forward and said "Would you like to hear
how he felt? Would you like to hear how your wife felt as she was fucking
another man? How his big cock filled me up? Huh?"

Now it was his time to blush and just nodded. Then he shook his head and said
"Not now. We need to set some rules if we are going to do this. I need some
assurances and so do you."

"Okay. Like what?"

"Like never lie about where we were and with whom. Always be honest to each
other and to always tell each other about what we have done. No secrecy."

"I can agree to that."

"The next one is to always use protection. Not only to prevent a pregnancy but
more to not get any std. You never know about the other one, they can look so
nice and hygienic but looks can deceive. We both know that."

"No argument from me."

"The last one I have is to always come home after. No matter what we wake up
next to each other. It's important to me to know you will always return to me."

"I will do my best. But I can't promise it won't be light when I come home."

"I can live with that." Travis laughed, "Anything you want to add?"

"No, not at the moment. All I want to know is if you have anyone in mind you
want to have _some fun_ with?"

He chuckled and said "Well, I've been thinking about someone lately. She's
funny, good looking and very sexy."

"Okay, who?"

"Marisha."

"Marisha?" I blurted out. He was talking about my best friend, the one I knew
from kindergarten and who had just moved back to town after her marriage failed. 
Somehow imagining my husband with my best friend excited me a little more than
I wanted to admit. I also knew she would never agree to it, not before I had
talked to her about it. "Well, knowing her I might need to tell her about our
new agreement. Maybe then she will think about it. I can't promise you anything
and I will not ask her to sleep with my husband. You will have to seduce her,
do your best and go after her." The moment I spoke those words I felt how much
I liked talking like this to my husband, how much I loved talking to him about
other women.

We went to bed early that evening, not that we slept much that night. We
_celebrated_ our new arrangement and as I sat on top of him I told him all
about what happened in that hotel room. How it felt to have another man's penis
inside of me and it made him even harder. When he exploded it seemed like it
was way more than he would normally produce. When I fell asleep I knew he had
awakened the beast in me and I thought "Beware what you wished for darling. You
might not like what you get to see."

### Chapter Two
Three days later Marisha came for a visit. Travis had to work all day and it
was such a beautiful Saturday Marisha didn't want to spend it on her small
balcony. Not when we had a backyard she could enjoy. After we both had
something to drink we sat down on the patio in the back and chatted about some
small things. "I almost bought it too," Marisha said talking about a dress she
had seen.

"Why didn't you?" I replied.

"That's what I was thinking too. Maybe we can go later and if it's still there
I can get it."

I nodded and said "Sure. I could use some new clothes too. Can we talk for a
moment? There is something I need to tell you."

She turned to me and said "What?"

"Well, it's about Travis and me. We -- I don't really know how to say this --"

"Is everything okay?"

"It's nothing like that. It's all okay, more than okay even. But -- I will just
say it, I guess. We've decided to open up our marriage."

"What do you mean _open up_?"

"To allow for us to be with other people."

"What?! Really? You are kidding me. Really?"

"Yes, really."

"How? What?"

"Well, it all started with my boss. Travis met him during a conference and they
got to talk about me. Well, a long time ago I told Travis about a fantasy I had
for a long time. A fantasy where I was sleeping with other men as my husband
was watching. Well, during that conference they devised a plan because they
knew I would never agree to it willingly. You know how I am."

"Oh, yes I do. And they were right about that. You took that vow so seriously,
it was more than just a marriage contract to you."

"It still is. But something Travis said really struck me. He said that if he
didn't give me this space, this room he would loose me. And I have to admit it
was a frustration not feeling fully satisfied. And I know he did his best but I
can't count the times I had to pleasure myself afterwards just to feel
satisfied enough. The evening I spent with my boss in that hotel room was
totally different. I felt so satisfied when I left that room. I had come
multiple times."

"Wow. You never told me that. But how did he know?"

"During the deed Dave told me about a camera he had placed next to the bed and
Travis was watching at home. At first it scared me and I froze, but as I drove
home I realized how much it had excited me to hear Travis had seen me with
him."

"Wow," Marisha said and was quiet for a moment. Then she said "If this makes
you two happy who am I to complain about it." We talked for a while longer then
went to the mall to see if that dress was still there. We spent the day at the
mall and finally went home with bags full of new clothes, shoes and
accessories.

That evening I looked into the mirror, checked my hair and makeup as I locked
the necklace behind my neck. As I put in my earrings Travis walked in and
whistled. "You look nice," he said and put his arms around me, "You even smell
very nice."

I smiled and said "You better hurry or we will be late." I slapped his hand
away and laughed. I checked myself one more time in the mirror and was so happy
that I had bought that dress that afternoon. I pulled down the front a little
more and lifted my breasts a little more. One last check of the back before I
sat down on the bed to put on my heels. I watched Travis shave through the open
door and smiled. He always looked so fine when he was shaving. I stood up and
took a few steps to adjust to the heels as I hardly ever wore six inch heels
but I knew how much he liked me in them.

I gasped when I walked into the most expensive restaurant in town. It was just
so beautiful and I had always wanted to go there one day. As I was guided to
the table I smiled when I saw my boss sitting there. He got up, complemented me
and offered a chair for me to sit down on. He sat down on the chair next to me
and said "You look so beautiful tonight." I blushed and thanked him. His hand
landed on my knee and slowly made it's way up my leg. I spread my legs as he
ever so slowly moved all the way up to my vulva. As promised I didn't wear any
underwear and he was more than pleased to see I had kept my promise.

As the waiter came to get our orders Dave had two fingers inside me and I had
to do my best to hide the jolts of pleasure flowing through me. We had a lovely
dinner ending up in another hotel room. The moment I stepped into that room he
took off my dress, bent me over the table and pushed his hard cock inside me.
"Oh yes," I panted, "I missed this so much. Fuck me. I raised my right leg on
the table and it didn't take him long to come all over my face.
