# My Name Is Lilly _an erotic tale by Transgirl_

## Chapter One 
The first years of our marriage had been a whirlwind, we did everything
together. But as with all marriages ours too became stale. The fact we both had
demanding jobs didn't particularly help. Long hours at the office, bringing
work home, it all turned us into room mates in stead of a couple.  Together
with the pressure from work came the fights, fights in which neither of us were
able or willing to concede. After yet another fight we finally sat down and
talked, really talked. We came to the conclusion we both wanted to give it one
more shot. A long weekend in Port Verde, almost a thousand miles from home. A
place where we both didn't know anyone and far enough away that going back to
the office to do something anyone could do just wasn't an option.

"Okay," I said with a deep breath, "on the count of three, okay? 1 -- 2 -- 3"
We both turned our phones off. Only our immediate family knew where to reach us
and at work we had said we couldn't be reached, for anything. "That's it." I
showed him my phone and he showed me his. Both were turned off and we placed
them in a bag. The hotel clerk was looking at us curiously as we handed him the
bag. "Don't give this to us until we check out on Monday. No matter what we
say. Don't give it to us." I could see the question marks above his head and
said "We're trying to safe our marriage and work always keeps interfering. This
way neither of us can make that quick call to check up. You understand?"

"Yes," he replied, "I understand. I must admit I never have seen something like
this, but I do understand. No matter what you say, the phones will stay in the
safe until you check out on Monday. Check."

"Thank you," I replied with a smile, "You're the best. And did I say that I
really love this hotel? It's just what we needed."

"Thanks," he replied, "I will tell my parents. Your room is ready, room 32.
Just up the stairs and to the right. Have a pleasant stay, Mr and Mrs
Willingham." I wanted to protest but Travis said "Leave it." I smiled, nodded
and followed my husband up the stairs. Contrary to what we were used to we had
chosen a small and quaint hotel just outside Port Verde, where the mountains
began to rise. Although the hustle and bustle of downtown was just an hour
drive away, the silence was almost deafening. Just outside the hotel there were
trails leading through the breathtaking nature surrounding Port Verde. Our room
had a window facing east with a beautiful view over the valley below. In the
distance you could just about see the city.

The room was just beautiful, simple but elegant and most important to me very
clean. "I think I might want to live here," I said with a sigh as I launched
myself onto the bed, "Don't you love it here." Travis just nodded, which never
was a good sign. "What's wrong?" I asked him.

"I don't know," he replied, "I feel naked without my phone."

"But baby, we agreed. We both are married to those things, we need this time to
be about us and not our jobs. Do you remember the last time we went on a
weekend like this? We both were on the phone all the time. We even went home
early just to go back to work. We need this, we need to reconnect to what we
once had."

"I know, I know. But we are so close to making that deal, what if they make a
mistake?"

"Then it's on them. They know they can't reach you right? Right?"

"Yeah, yeah. Maybe it's just that I'm so used to it. I just feel the need to
check in, you know."

"Yes, I do. I feel the same way, but we shouldn't and we can't."

"Sure we can. They are our phones, he can't keep them from us."

"Well, we did so to keep them from us no matter what we said."

"Sure, but couldn't we just try? I really need to know."

"So, you're about to give in already? Why don't we just pack our stuff and go
home? Oh, that's easy. It's still packed! Okay, then. I will get my coat and we
can go home, you can go to work and I will just do whatever it is I can do with
my weekend off. Because I'm not going to work this weekend, no matter what. I
haven't had a weekend off in months! I deserve this. Oh there's an idea. Why
don't you just go home and I will stay here. Is that what you want?"

"No," he said with a big sigh, "Forget I ever brought it up."

"No, this is what always happens. We start a fight and just to shut me up you
give in. What is it? Tell me. Don't you want to be with me anymore?"

"That's not it," he replied, "I -- Liam told me if I don't close this account
than I might not have a job anymore."

"What?! Why didn't you tell me? And who brings in most of the clients?"

"I did. Once."

"What do you mean once?"

"I lost my mojo, my magic. I haven't closed an account in months."

"What? You always told me it was going well. Why didn't you just tell me?"

"I don't know. With you getting that promotion I just felt -- ashamed."

"Why? You know that I love you no matter what, don't you?"

"Yeah, but -- you now have the better job and I just felt --"

"Felt what?"

"I am supposed to be the man in the house, the breadwinner. I just felt so --"

"Emasculated? Who ever gave you that idea?"

"Everybody at work, but most of all Todd?"

"Todd? You mean creepy Todd. The one voted to be the incel Todd?"

"Incel? What?"

"Yes, us women talk remember? I've heard the things he says at work, about how
women are supposed to be inferior to men, how we are only good for getting
coffee and doing what _the man_ tells us to do. You know that's bullshit don't
you?"

"Of course I do, but still. I hear that stuff every single day."

"Than maybe it's time you are going to do something else. What ever became of
starting your own business. I remember what you said when you started working
there. 'It's just until I have enough to start my own' you said. Well, maybe
it's time to do so. I can see what this job is doing to you and I can see that
this doesn't make you happy anymore."

"Really? But I need this --"

"Not anymore. You've got stocks don't you? Well, if we sell those combined with
your severance and my income we can sing it out for a while. We can even
explore what you want to do going forward. Heck, maybe we could both do that
now that I'm thinking about it."

Travis sat there for a while, shaking his head, getting up and looking out the
window. I could see he was really thinking about it, he always became restless
if he was struggling with something and over the years I had learned to just
let him be. After about half an hour he turned around and said "You know what?
I think you're right. I'm not happy there anymore, the pressure is just too
much for me. It used to be way more relaxed, we had to close one or two deals a
week, but now it's at ten and I've heard they want to pump it up to twelve a
week. It would mean even longer hours for the same pay. I don't want to do this
anymore." For the first time in weeks I saw him smile again, even that twinkle
in his eyes returned. It was like standing in the window had given him the
energy again that I had missed for so long.

He took me in his arms and said "What am I going to do without you?"

"I don't know, work a job you don't like and die unhappy?"

He laughed, lifted me in the air and said "To hell with them. This is our
weekend and no one is going to take that away from us." We kissed and deep
inside me I felt that spark I had felt years ago for the man I had fallen for.
The rest of the day we spent walking the shortest trail, reconnecting and
planning for the future. "The first thing I'll do on Tuesday is give them my
two week notice. I'm done." Travis said as we were looking out over one of the
most beautiful views I had ever seen. I kissed him and lifted his arm over my
shoulders. "You do that honey."

That evening we went for dinner at a small restaurant down the road. As we were
waiting for a table I sat at the bar while Travis went to use the bathroom.
Just after I sat down a tall handsome man came up to me and said "New here?" I
almost said I was married but somehow I didn't. Instead I told him I was just
passing through. He sat down next to me and we talked for a while. His square
jaw was covered by a five-o-clock-shadow and his fierce blue eyes seemed to
stare right into my soul. "So where you're from?" he asked.

"Middleton, ever heard of it?" I lied.

"Not that I can say. Middleton? Isn't that from a television series?"

"You caught me. _The Good witch_ actually."

"Ah, so you don't want to say. Is that it?" I just smiled and apologized. "It's
okay," he smiled and I felt I could just melt for that smile. Then his eye fell
on the ring on my finger. "Ah, sorry," he said, "Didn't notice that."

"It's okay," I replied quickly, "I should have said. My husband will be right
back, sorry."

"No, no. My mistake. I've just waited to long, now all the beautiful women are
married." Hearing him say that flattered me and I felt myself blush. He must
have noticed because he looked at me curiously and then said "Hank is the name,
Hank Pierson."

"Laura, Laura Bailey. Pleased to meet you." I smiled. He nodded one last time,
smiled and walked away. It didn't take long for Travis to sit down next to me.
"Who was that?"

"Ah no one. Just some guy who tried to hit on me. I told him I'm with you and
he walked away."

"Not right away he didn't. I saw the way you looked at him. Is there something
you want to tell me?"

I just looked at Travis like I could shoot him. "No, there's nothing!"

"Okay, okay. Just wondering. Come on, our table is ready." We sat down at our
table and moments later Hank sat down at another table right in my view. I
tried to concentrate on Travis but every now and then I glanced over to the
other table just to see what Hank was doing. At some point Travis must have
noticed. "If you want to have dinner with him go right ahead." he said.

"What? Don't be silly. I want to have dinner with you."

"Then why do you keep glancing over to mister handsome over there."

"Do you think he's handsome?"

"What? No. But obviously you do."

"Well, a girl can look, can't she?"

"Not when she's out to dinner with her husband."

"Oh yes, you're right. I am so sorry, but we always said we could look not
touch, didn't we?"

"Sure, but I feel you would like something more than just a look."

"What are you saying? That I want to cheat on you? Never."

"Maybe that's it. Maybe we should -- let's just finish dinner and talk about it
back in our room."

Right at that moment Hank got up, put on his jacket and left the restaurant.
The show was over and I looked at Travis again. "Yes, maybe we should." I said
feeling a little caught. We finished dinner with somewhat of a tension between
us, I could feel another fight was brewing and all the way to the hotel we both
didn't say a word. We didn't even hold hands, we just walked next to each
other. "How was dinner?" the boy behind the front desk asked as we walking into
the lobby. I just said it was wonderful and we went upstairs to our room.

For the first half an hour we still didn't say a word and it was me who broke
the silence. "Okay, this has gone on for far to long. Just spill it, let's talk
about it. What's eating you up?"

"You really want to know?"

"Otherwise I wouldn't have asked."

"It's you. You always flirt with other men, did you really think I didn't
notice?"

"What do you mean 'flirt'. I don't flirt, why should I? I'm married, to you."

"We both know that's not true."

"What do you mean?"

"What do I mean? Well, let's take that guy tonight. All during dinner you
couldn't take your eyes off him. And then there's Liam. Remember that last
office party? You were talking to him all night, arching your back just a
little more than you normally do."

"Nonsense! I don't do that."

"Oh yes you do. And the worst part is you don't even know it. Like that time we
went to Marisha's birthday. You were talking to Matt all evening. When you got
back from the bathroom or whatever your dress was just that little bit lower,
showing just a little more cleavage. You do that all the time."

"Do I? Really?"

"Yes, the first time I noticed I thought it was a fluke, I thought I had
imagined it. But then I saw it more and more. Because I trust you I never said
anything. I knew you would never act upon it, you would never betray me like
that. I know you."

I just sat down, felt utterly defeated. Still couldn't believe what he just had
told me. I wasn't like that, was I? Sure I liked when I got some attention from
the men around me, it just felt good to know men still found me attractive. At
the same time I also knew Travis was right, I would never act upon it. The more
I thought about it, the more I realized the amount of times I had to ward men
off by showing them my ring, telling them I was married. Had I given them false
signals? Was I to partially to blame for it?

Travis sat down next to me and said "I don't blame you, Laura. I don't. Like
tonight when I came out of the bathroom and I saw you talking to that guy I
felt proud. Really I did."

"Proud? How?"

"Because I thought 'you can look buddy, but she's coming home with me'. I feel
honored that you still end up in a bed next to me."

"Really?" I felt myself blush a little, "So why did you get mad tonight then?"

"I don't know. I got a little jealous I guess. We were supposed to have dinner
together and I felt somewhat of a third wheel."

I put my arms around him and whispered "I am so sorry. I didn't mean to."

"I know. Look, I love you. I love you enough to know that I'm not enough for
you. I know if I claim you for myself I will lose you in the end."

"What are you saying?"

"That maybe we should explore this. Maybe I should give you to space and see
how far you want this to go."

"I still don't understand what you're getting at."

He sighed, looked at his shoes and said "I think we both know you need more
than I can give you. Did you really think I didn't know what you were doing in
the bathroom after we had sex?"

"What do you mean? I just getting a shower."

"After you've pleasured yourself. I've heard you moan Laura. I've heard you. I
know."

I felt a shock going through my body. "What?"

"Don't try to deny it. I've known for years now that I can't give you what you
need. I'm just not enough and I'm willing to give you the space to get what you
need, outside of us."

"What? No."

"Okay. Then look me in the eyes and tell me the last time you had an orgasm
because of something I did. Be honest for once."

I looked him in the eyes and just couldn't. I couldn't lie to him and looked
away. "See! That's what I mean. We both know it, we both have been in denial
for so long. I feel if we aren't honest about this we might loose our marriage
at some point. I am afraid you might not keep control and do something stupid.
So I thought what if we create space where you can explore that side of you.
That way it isn't cheating."

His words rang through my head, deep down inside I felt he was right but my
head struggled. "We can't," I said after a while, "It's wrong! We're married
and I made a promise to you. A promise that I'm not willing to break."

"I know. I fully well know that you would never do something to hurt me. Well,
I feel the same way. I do not want to hurt you, yet at the same time I know
that I am by denying you this. Look at me Laura, please look at me." I turned
my head towards him and saw a single tear rolling down his cheek. "I can see
how this is killing you inside and I can't deny it any longer. We both don't
know where this road will lead us. All I am saying is: let's explore it.
Together."

"You really think we should?"

"Yes. And I have just one demand and that's non-negotiable."

"What?"

"No more lies. Ever. Absolute honesty."

I thought for a moment or two. Did I really want to do this? On one hand I was
so scared of what could happen, on the other I was excited to see where this
would lead us. How far I was willing to go with this? Maybe we could both
explore a little more. But did I want to see him in the arms of another woman?
How would that make me feel? All I knew was one thing. He was right about it
not being cheating if we both knew about it.

I turned towards him and said "Okay. Let's see what this will become. And I
agree to your term of honesty. I have one demand too. We stop when either of us
feels it goes too far. No matter what. In the end we choose each other above
everything else."

"I can live with that," he said and I could see there was somewhat of a relieve
on his face.

"How long have you felt this way?"

"A long time," he said, "Ever since I first noticed."

"How long ago was that."

"Three years, maybe."

"Three years? Why didn't you tell me?"

"I didn't know how you would react. I knew you would never cheat on me. I know
you too well for that, Laura."

"I am so sorry you had to hide that from me. From now on no more secrets, as
you said. From now on whenever we feel something we tell each other, okay? That
way the other person can do something about it."

"Okay. I love you so much."

"I love you too." We had never had a talk like that before, not ever. We both
felt very tired after that, tired but satisfied. We had reached a point where
we both could be honest with each other and it felt good. I felt closer to him
than I had ever felt before. Twenty minutes later I crawled into the bed next
to him and into his loving arms. We just lay there for a moment until he broke
the silence.

"So, what's his name? Mr muscles?"

"That guy in the restaurant? He said his name was Hank, or something."

"Hank? Really? Huh."

"What huh?"

"Well, would you do him? I mean now that we've decided to be honest?"

I sighed and said "Maybe. I don't know. I've never thought about it that way
before."

The next day after spending the day sightseeing we decided we wanted to go out.
According to the girl at the front desk there was a bar a few miles down the
road. A taxi picked us up at eight and about an hour later I walked into the
bar first. The music was thumping and I looked around for a while. In the front
was a seating area where people were sitting, talking and drinking beer mostly.
Then there was the circular bar with lots of stools around it. The bartenders
were in the middle serving drinks to the patrons. To the left of the bar was a
heavy leather curtain. Above it a sign reading _Please make sure the curtains
are closed at all times_. I watched a couple going through it and caught a
glimpse of what seemed to be a dance floor. For the second the curtains were
open music blasted through it, the same music that was coming through the
loudspeakers hanging everywhere in the bar. On this side of the curtain the
volume was just hard enough that you could still speak normally, on the other
side it was a different situation.

I sat down at the bar, adjust my dress just a little. Why had I agreed to this?
I wanted Travis with me at that moment because I felt very uncomfortable. It
had been years since I last visited a bar like this. The bartender came up to
me and I ordered a white wine. "Ice?" he asked and I just stared at him. "Okay,
no ice." he smiled. From the corner of my eye I saw Travis walk in too. He sat
down at the other side of the bar, just out of my view but I was sure he could
still see me. We had decided to do a little experiment, just to see how far I
was willing to let it go. Just before we got out of the taxi I had given him my
wedding ring. "Just so you can't use it as a weapon," he had said jokingly.

The spot on my finger felt naked now that I knew the ring wasn't there. The
longer I sat there the more uncomfortable I felt. But we had also agreed to do
this for at least an hour and I wasn't one to break agreements. So I just sat
there staring at my glass of wine. After about 15 minutes a man sat down next
to me. "First time here?" he asked. I turned my head towards him and said "Yes,
I'm staying at the Fairmont."

"Fairmont? Nice hotel. How long will you be staying?"

"Just for the weekend. I will be going home Monday."

"Here alone?"

"Why do you ask?"

"Well, someone like you probably didn't come here alone. As a matter of fact I
guess that guy at the other end is your husband or boyfriend. Am I wrong?"

I sighed and said "No. You're not wrong. He's my husband."

"Then why are you doing this?"

"I have no idea. But I've still got about forty minutes to go."

"Ah, a bet?"

"Not really. I just don't want to get into this. Do you mind?"

"No. Sorry. Was just wondering why that guy kept glancing at you. I'm a cop and
thought you might be needing some help. But if he's your husband --"

"Yes, he is. Thank you."

"You're welcome. Just wanted to make sure."

He got up and walked away. I sighed. Still a long time to go. I had another
glass of wine and was about to end it all when someone walked up to me. "I saw
you sitting alone here. Want some company?" I looked up and said "I would love
some company." It was Hank and he sat down next to me.

"Where's your husband?"

"Somewhere around here. I don't know."

"Hey, everything okay?"

"I don't know. We had a fight last night." I didn't totally lie, because we did
have a fight. I just didn't tell him the whole story.

"Want to talk about it? I mean we could sit down at a table over there."

"That would be lovely, thank you. I really need to talk to someone."

We got up and sat down at a table in the far end of the bar, near the window.
He sat down across from me after he had ordered another round of drinks for us.
"So tell me, what's going on."

"It's just," I sighed, "I don't know. He's acting so strange, I just can't
place it. Last night he practically accused me of cheating on him."

"And have you?"

"Cheated on him? No never. I would never cheat on him."

"Okay, so why do you feel this way then."

"Well, I might have -- fantasized about it."

"Oh really? But you never actually --"

"No! Never!"

"So where is he now?"

"Sitting at the bar. Looking at us. He had the dumb idea of giving me space to
explore. He even wanted me to take of my ring."

"I was wondering where it was. So, what do you want to do then?"

"I really don't know. I mean I like this, but this is just talking and it feels
good to talk with someone. I really don't know."

"I appreciate you're being honest with me. I really like that about you."

"So tell me. Did I flirt with you the other night? Tell me the truth."

"Well, you were sending me mixed signals. I really didn't know what you were
telling me."

"Really? I didn't mean to. I was just being friendly."

"I know that now. But before I saw your ring I didn't get that. You were --
let's just say you were flirting a little."

"I am so sorry. I really didn't know I was doing it. Travis told me last night
and the worst thing is he said he didn't really mind. That's why we are here.
To see how far I was willing to go. No repercussions, no jealousy. But I still
don't know what to feel. I really thought it was a good idea until I sat down
at that bar."

"Well, we could go dancing. If you've got this free card, why not have some fun
with it. No expectations. Just some fun." I looked up at him and saw his
beautiful smile again. I smiled back and took his hand as he led me to the
dance floor behind the heavy leather curtain.

At first the lights blinded me a little, when my eyes adjusted a saw booths
surrounding a dance floor. Above the floor as well as in it were moving lights
and the music was thumping a form of trance music. I could feel the beats in my
belly and Hank guided me on the dance floor. He started dancing to the beat and
I slowly did the same. At first I felt a little uncomfortable as I hadn't been
dancing for such a long time, mostly because Travis didn't like to dance. Ever
so slow the music got the better of me and as the beat sped up so did I. It
didn't take long for me to loose myself in the music and I felt better about
the whole situation already. Hank was a good dancer and he encouraged me to let
myself go. "Just have some fun!" he shouted.

The longer we were dancing the closer Hank moved towards me. In the end his
left leg was in between mine and his arm around my waist. Together we moved to
the music. At a pause in the music we just looked each other in the eye and I
felt my heart racing, I felt like a schoolgirl in the arms of her crush. A rush
went through my body and my nipples hardened. My world shrunk to the size of
the dance floor and just the two of us dancing to the beat. Nothing existed
around us anymore. I lifted up my arms, swayed my hips and didn't mind him
pulling me closer to him. Our bodies were now mere inches apart from each other
and I could feel the heat coming from his body, which exited me even more. The
lose fabric of my dress swirled up as he spun me around only to pule me in even
closer.

Now my body was firmly pressed against his and I could feel his thigh pressing
against my lower body. I stared into his fierce blue eyes as I pressed my lower
parts against his leg. As we kept dancing I slid my crutch against his leg,
slowly licking my lips as we went along. I could feel myself getting wet, at
the moment he leaned forward to kiss me I panicked, pushed him away and ran out
of the dance floor area looking for Travis. I wanted to get out of there, I
wanted to go back to the hotel. I stood there for a moment to look for him when
I felt a hand on my shoulder. "It's okay," I heard Hank say, "You forgot your
purse." I took it from him, apologized and asked one of the bartenders to call
me a taxi.

"Just outside to the left, ma'am" he said. I rushed outside, turned left and
just as I wanted to get into one Travis caught up with me. We sat in the taxi
silently, only once we were back in our room did I burst into tears. Travis
comforted me and didn't speak. He knew exactly what to do at that moment, just
let me be. I pressed myself against him, my arms firmly around his body. After
a few minutes I said "I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry."

"About what?"

"About everything."

"Okay, it's okay. Why did you run away?"

"I just had to. I -- I --"

"You wanted to kiss him?" I just nodded.

"Did you want to do more?" I nodded again.

"So why did you run?" I shrugged my shoulders.

"I didn't want to hurt you," I said after being silent for a while.

"But we agreed that you could do anything. So how could it have hurt me?"

"I just panicked. I just couldn't do it."

"So tell me. Did you have a good time on that dance floor?" I nodded.

"And did it feel good to dance with him?" I nodded again.

"And how did it feel when he pulled you closer?" With a small voice I told him
how it felt. Travis just held me and gave me the room to collect my thoughts.

"I -- I felt his thigh against my -- you know -- I might even have --"

"You rubbed your pussy against his leg? Is that what you wanted to say?"

"Don't be vulgar, but yes."

"And how did that feel?"

"Good, too good. That's why I panicked. I don't know what would have happened
if I hadn't run away. That's what scares me so much."

He 
