# My Story
_an erotic tale by TransGirl_

## Chapter One
At the age of 24 I graduated college and was lucky enough to find a job right
away. My parents weren't too happy with it as it would mean I would have to
move to the other side of the country, a five hour flight away from home. To me
it felt like something I just had to do. "I've never lived on my own," I said,
"Not really anyway." I had moved into the college dorms straight after
graduating high school. Living with so many people on one floor to me meant I
really hadn't been on my own for all of my life up until then. Now I just had
to as I was about to move into a city where I literally didn't know anyone.

"But why so far away?" my mother had asked, "You could just accept a job right
here."

"I know mom," I replied, "I know. But I feel this is something I just have to
do. I can't explain, it just _feels_ right. And I'm afraid that if I don't do
it now, I won't do it at all. Not ever."

As a graduate of one of the best law schools in the country a big firm had
recruited me right before graduation and offered me a job I just couldn't
refuse. It was right up my alley as I was going to be representing people who
needed the legal help the most. Some said it was nothing more than a counter to
all the bad things they did, but all I saw were the people I would be able to
help and that had been the main reason I had decided to become a lawyer in the
first place.

The day I had to leave came sooner than anyone of us had expected and I can
still see my crying mother standing in the middle of the airport as I waved to
them one last time before entering the boarding area. The two hours I had to
wait was mostly filled with doubting myself on whether I really wanted to do
this and there had been moments I almost got up to run back home, but I didn't
and the call to board the plane felt like a point of no return.

The firm had helped me find accommodation, a small apartment on the outskirts
of town. "This is just to help you get settled," they said, "We fully expect
you to find something else within the first year." As the rent was to much for
me alone they had offered to pay half of it until I found something new. And
that was something I really wanted to do anyway as I didn't want to live on the
outskirts of town in some suburb an hour drive from work, I wanted to live near
or in the city center. I had never lived in a city before and wanted to
experience the hustle and bustle of downtown Port Verde. All the bars,
restaurants and shops nearby, hearing the live music coming from everywhere. In
short I wanted to experience what Port Verde was renowned for. Still it was
nice of my new employer to offer me a place to live and get started with my new
life.

After the five hour flight I landed in what was to become my new home for the
foreseeable future. A cab dropped me off in front of the complex where my new
apartment was and to my surprise a young man rushed outside to help me with all
my luggage. "Welcome to the Rochester," he said. In the lobby I announced my
arrival to the person behind the desk to my left. "Ah, miss Bailey," the man
smiled, "We were expecting you. Your apartment is ready and let me welcome you
in our midst. All the papers have been signed and according to this the rent
will be paid automatically by Pierson & Pierson, is that correct?"

I told him it was and we got into the elevator bringing us to the eighth floor.
"Your apartment is 8c and we've taken the liberty of cleaning it for you
yesterday. The apartment is fully furnished and we do hope your stay with us
will be as comfortable as possible. If you do have anything that requires our
attention do not hesitate to call us. Now, just one question will you acquire a
car in the near future?"

"Yes," I replied, "the office is downtown and I do need a car to get to work."

"I understand," he replied, "We will assign a parking spot for you in the
basement then. Just come down to the lobby tomorrow and we will hand you the
key card you will need to open the gate."

The apartment itself was beautiful, not quite to my taste but still beautiful.
I could see myself living there for a short period of time. It was mostly the
fact the furniture wasn't mine that made me feel like I was living in a hotel
or visiting friends or something like that, besides that the space itself was
better than I had expected it to be. Three hours later I had unpacked
everything, stood in front of the large window and just took in the view of the
city below. I took a deep breath feeling the excitement of me starting a new
chapter in the book that was my life.

After calling my parents to tell them I had arrived safely I went down to the
lobby to ask where I could get some groceries. "Oh," the man said, "I don't
think there is a store in walking distance. But I do have a number of a company
that delivers. Let me look it up for you." That made me prioritize getting a
car as quickly as possible.

The next day I got a cab to a car dealer that was recommended to me by our firm
and three hours later I was the proud owner of a blue Mini Cooper, the car of
my dreams. It was second hand but still in a very good condition and I just
loved it so much. I drove up to the coast so I could finally see the ocean for
the first time. I took a selfie of me with my new transportation and sent it to
my parents who were more than delighted to see my happy face. The rest of the
weekend I spent exploring the city for a bit and most of all driving to my new
office so I had an idea on where to go on my first day.

Anxious and excited I woke up way to early that Monday morning. I got ready for
my very first day and was so happy I had driven there before as traffic was
just too much. Coming from a small town it seemed like the whole world was on
that road with me.
