# My Son My Pimp

## Chapter One
'Pregnant at sixteen, out of a job at thirty. That's the short description of my
life up until now. What am I to do?' those were the thoughts running through my
mind as I sat in the living room desperately seeking a solution. I needed to
find a job but that wasn't as easy as I expected it to be. My son had just
started high school and I needed to do something to be able to pay for
everything. Out of desperation I answered an ad looking for dancers in some
club, I was still capable of doing such a thing.

The first night there I was so nervous being on that stage, dancing in high
heels wearing almost nothing. The tips that I got made up for it all and even
though people looked down on dancers to me it was just another job to pay the
rent. The hardest part however was sitting down and explaining what I did to my
son. He was a real sport about it though. "Who cares what you do for a
living? I don't. Besides you still look good for your age, so why not let
others enjoy it." I should have suspected something right then, but I didn't.

After being a dancer for half a year I was contacted by another club to come
dancing for them. "You can get bigger tips," they said and I fell for it. I
needed the money. Then I found out what I had to do for it. Being on stage
almost naked had become normal to me, but this was the next step. The first
time I was there I was so scared, but I had to do it. I had no choice anymore.

So I danced, hung from a pole and finally laid on my back on the edge of the
stage to spread my legs wide and show all the men there my vulva. As with all
jobs doing this week in week out this too became normal to me. Or maybe it was
just that I didn't care anymore.

Back stage the girls did anything to keep their minds of the things they were
doing. I still remember how scared I was when one of them pushed the needle
into my arm the first time. I watched as the syringe filled with my blood and
how she then pushed the liquid into my veins. The feeling of euphoria when then
meth streamed through my body, I was gone from this awful world for an hour or
two.

I didn't take long for me to start using at home and not long after that for my
son to help me get high. On my high I did anything he wanted, I sucked his
cock, fucked him and at his request I started walking the streets.
