# My Dirty Little Secret
_a series of erotic tales by Transgirl_

## On Open Seas

### Chapter One
Ever since I was very young my father taught me how to sail. We lived in a
small town at the time locked between the sea to the east and a large lake to
the west our town was totally into all kinds of water sports. Originally
founded when gold was found in the mountains to the north, the focus was put on
tourism when no more gold was to be found.

During the winter people came to ski, during the summer they came to sail or
enjoy the waters in other ways. To accommodate all the tourists my grandfather
had started a small hotel which my parents made into the hotel with a hundred
rooms it is today. Our hotel is located in the center of town, near the harbor
where my father had a nice, sea worthy sailboat named the _Merry Maiden_.

From a very young age my father taught me how to sail and from the age of eight
I sailed solo in a small dingy on the lake. From the age of fourteen I had my
license to sail on the open sea, albeit within a two nautical miles from the
coast. Locally everybody knew me as that _sailing kid_, even the coast guard
knew who I was because they checked me multiple times when I first went to sea.

The first time I sailed to Port Demali was with my father, it took us just
under twelve hours. My father accompanied me to help with navigation and to
tell me where to avoid obstacles under water. I did most of the sailing all on
my own and I loved it. Halfway we had stopped at a rocky island named _The
Maidens Rescue_ for just under an hour to get a rest.

_The Maidens Rescue_ was named after an old legend talking about a shipwreck
that occurred in the late 1700s. According to the legend a single girl survived
for two weeks on an island without trees or fresh water. When researched it was
found out there indeed was a ship that went down near the island, but everybody
on board had survived and were rescued withing a day. It still was a nice
story, though.

When we arrived in Port Demali my father introduced me to his old friend Mr
Roberts, who acted as the harbor master. As we slowly sailed into port Mr
Roberts waved where we could dock and helped tying the lines to the dock. "You
sailed all on your own?" he said when my father told him who had steered the
boat, "Wow! When I was your age all I could do was ride a bike." He was very
nice to me and so was his wife. They invited us in for dinner and we spend the
night on the boat. After spending the day in Port Demali we spent another night
on the boat and sailed back home the next day.

It was the best trip I had ever been on, I loved spending time with my father.
In the months after I sailed to Port Demali all on my own a couple of times
after I got my license to do so, just because I could. Every time I had dinner
with the Roberts and slept on the boat to sail back home the next day. Over
time they became family friends, they came over to our house too. Mrs Roberts
and I became close and whenever I was with them she became a second mother to
me.

"Okay, you are old enough now," Mrs Roberts said when I had turned sixteen,
"Please call me Dana, Mrs Roberts is my mother." I chuckled and agreed to call
her by her first name. The same was said by her husband William. "My friends
call me Bill," he said with a wink as he ruffled my hair.

The first time I stayed over at their place I woke up in the middle of the
night. At first I had to remind myself where I was before I got up to look out
of the window. In the dim light from the moon I could just about see _the Merry
Maiden_ floating in the water. As I sat there I heard some noises coming from
somewhere, but as I was in a house I didn't really know it could have been
anything so I just went back to bed and did my best to fall asleep again.

The next morning Dana was wearing a shirt with a high collar and long sleeves,
something I had never seen her wear before but I didn't really think anything
of it at the time as I hadn't been with them a lot and I thought she might just
have felt cold that day. When she turned around to make me some pancakes I
could see she was in pain and I asked her what had happened. "Oh nothing," she
replied, "ever stumped your little toe against the bed? Well, I did that this
morning and it still hurts."

"Should we see a doctor about that?" I asked her.

"Oh no," she chuckled, "it will blow over soon enough."

When Bill came down a few minutes later he was all cheery and kissed his wife
as he did every morning. She didn't jerk away or anything like that, quite the
opposite in fact. It was like she was a little more passionate than normal. But
as I said I didn't really know them that well so I just shook it off and didn't
really think about it for long, until I was sailing home that is. Everything
went through my head again and I noticed the small signals they had sent. Could
it be he was abusing her? Was this an abusive relationship? Did they have
something to hide? All kinds of things went through my head and I vowed I would
get to the bottom of this and find out what the heck was going on there. And if
he was abusing her I would step in to help her get out of it.

A few days after that trip I looked online to learn how you could spot someone
being in an abusive relationship and what I could do to help someone like that.
I found several sites and although some of the signals where similar they just
weren't the same, there were subtle differences like according to many sites
the victim would avoid contact with the abuser or not react to contact in the
way you would expect. Dana did the opposite, she was looking for contact, for
confirmation. Then there was the lie about stumping her toe against the bed.
According to the sites a victim would be offended and respond defensively. Dana
didn't do that, she almost laughed when she told me that lie, as if it had been
nothing. But why then didn't she just tell me the truth? I was just stumped and
didn't really know what to do.

One thing was for sure, I wasn't going to tell anyone about this until I had
definite proof. I wasn't going to destroy a marriage on rumors alone. "What if
I'm all wrong about this?" I thought, "I might destroy not one life, but both
of them." So I kept it to myself and just told everyone it had been a very nice
trip and that I had loved staying over with the Roberts.

In the following weeks both Dana and Bill had shown me they were happily
married and I had brushed everything off as me being paranoid. Dana even told
me during one of our lengthy phone calls "I wouldn't know what to do without
Bill. He came into my life when I was at my darkest place. My ex divorced me
when we found out I couldn't get pregnant and he wanted kids of his own. If
finding out it had been me wasn't enough for me to bare, I had to go through a
very messy divorce where he accused me of cheating and all. He took almost
everything I owned and I was homeless when I met Bill."

"He saw me on the street as I was preparing for the night," she continued, "and
offered me a place to sleep for the night. And although I was scared, the
thought of being out of the cold was stronger. He was so respectful and kind to
me, he never tried to come into my room without knocking and then he would ask
twice if I was decent. He treated me with respect and showed me what true love
really is.  I never left and a year later we got married. He didn't care I
couldn't bare children for him. 'We'll just adopt when we are ready.' was what
he said to me.  That was the moment I knew I had fallen for him." I could hear
her cry through the phone and I knew she really did love him and all that I had
thought about the relationship being abusive went out the window.

A few months later Dana invited me to come stay with them for a week for the
yearly _Festival of the Winds_. I was more than happy to go as I had heard a
lot about the festival, everything would be nautical themed and there would be
bands playing, theater in the streets and lot's of food to be eaten. I had seen
photos and was more than eager to come and experience it.  "You'll love it,"
she said, "There will be tall ships in the harbor and on Wednesday it will be
pirate day and we all dress up. It's so much fun. I already know what we could
wear that day." 

Now I have to tell you that I, for a sixteen year old, had grown to be a full
figured woman, my curves where in all the right places and most of my friends
were jealous of the rack I had developed on my chest and they didn't show any
signs of stopping just yet. At a length of 5 foot 1 inch I was on the smaller
side but I didn't really care about that. It was more my hips I was not happy
about, I just thought they were fat and really wanted to do something about it,
but I couldn't so I always wore long shirts to cover all of it. This just to
say I wasn't looking forward to what she might have chosen for me to wear.

As I was the youngest person in the region who was allowed to sail the open
seas I received an official invitation to come over and participate in the
official opening of the festival. As I arrived at the meeting point I was
amazed by the tall ships laying for anchor just outside of port. I took a few
pictures with my phone and waved back to the crew of the _Batavia_, a full
scale replica of the original 1600s ship flying under the Dutch flag.

I chuckled when I saw all the crew had dressed up in age appropriate clothing
and was especially amused when the captain started barking orders. I watched
how a few of the crewmen climbed up to the top of the main mast and started
loosening the sail, they all did that without any form of protection to make it
all more realistic. From one of the coast guards boats I heard someone shout
"Merry Maiden!"

I turned towards them and waved. "The Batavia will go first into port! You will
join the leisure vessels in the end!" I nodded that I understood and followed
their instructions to join the other boats. The main sail of the Batavia caught
wind and the captain shouted something in Dutch. It must have been "Raise the
anchors" as right after I heard the familiar sound of chains. Slowly the ship
started to move and the other tall ships followed. After about half an hour it
was our turn to start sailing.

It was such a majestic sight seeing the Batavia in full sail in front of me, I
could just about see all the crew along the rigging in the main mast. As the
Batavia reached the port there was a eight canon salute from the shore,
answered by the same salute from the ship. I could hear cheers coming from the
public gathered along the shore, they had all come to see this ship sail into
port and it was just an honor for me to be a part of me.

When it was my turn to sail into port I heard a speaker say "Ladies and
gentlemen you will now see the Merry Maiden, sailed by Laura Davis, the
youngest person in the history of this country to get her license to sail the
oceans. She was just fourteen years old. Now she's sixteen and operating this
ship all on her own. Please give her a hand as she skillfully maneuvers her
ship to the docks." I heard a cheer coming from the shore and the docks, I just
smiled and felt a little embarrassed. I waved back the best I could and docked
where the organizers wanted me to dock.

"Welcome to Port Demali, Captain," Bill winked in his costume from the 1700s,
"It's mighty nice of you to call on us again. What might bring you to us this
day?"

"Just your company my good man," I replied with a chuckle, "Just your company."

One of the organizers handed me a lanyard stating the name of my boat, my name
and underneath it said _Captain_ in bold red letters. "This gives you access to
everything on the festival," she said, "Even to all the ships."

"Even the Batavia?" I asked. She nodded and said "Especially the Batavia. She's
our guest of honor this year." I just looked at Bill and he nodded his head as
to say "Go on, I know you can't wait." And I walked over to the Batavia as fast
as I could without actually running.

When the crewman guarding the pulpit saw my lanyard he bowed and shouted
"Captain entering the boat!" and invited me onto the ship. With a big smile I
walked on to the replica of the 1628 vessel. It was so beautiful. A man dressed
in age appropriate attire walked up to me, bowed and said "Welcome to the
Batavia, Captain Davis. It's our honor to have you aboard our ship. The captain
will join us later, would you allow me the honor of showing our vessel to you?"

"I will accept your generous offer," I replied and chuckled.

The man changed to his normal voice and said "Hi, pleased to meet you. I'm Jan
Sanders and I helped built this vessel. It took us over ten years to built it
all by hand using the same tools they did in the 1600s. Come, let me take you
below decks." The tour lasted for over thirty minutes and when we arrived on
deck the captain was standing on the starboard bow waving to the crowd that had
gathered on the dock.

He turned around and shook my hand when he saw me. "Always nice to meet another
captain," he said with a nice smile.

"Oh, I wouldn't call me that," I replied, "I just like to sail."

"But you are the captain right? As well as the first mate, the bosun, the cook
and everything else needed on a ship." he laughed.

"If you put it that way I guess I am," I chuckled. We talked for a while longer
and before the first guests were allowed to enter I walked off, saluting the
flag before I took the last step back onto the docks. The crowd split as I
passed through them and I could hear some people being in awe when they saw the
big red letters on my lanyard. I visited a few more ships until it was time to
freshen up and change into something formal as I was invited to join _the
Captains Dinner_, the official opening of the festival.

As a thank you I invited both Dana and Bill to join me for an evening of boring
speeches and very good food. Halfway through the speaker asked for our
attention and said "Ladies and Gentlemen, thank you for joining this special
occasion. We are very honored to have the crew of the Batavia here as our
special guests for the festival as well as all the other tall ships that honor
us with their visit. But -- we have something very special tonight. A surprise
for someone here. Let me just hand it over to someone better tasked for this
than I will ever be."

I gasped when I saw my parents walk on stage. My father took the mike and I
could see he was very emotional. "There were just a few days in my live form
which I remember every single second," he started speaking, "Those days are the
day I asked this beautiful woman next to me to marry me, the day we got married
and most of all the day she gave me the best gift a woman could ever give a
man: my daughter. I remember every single second in that hospital, until I
passed out." The audience laughed and when they were quiet my father continued.

"The first time I saw her I knew she was special, not only because she was _my_
daughter, it was the look in her eyes. I cherish every second we went sailing
together, she was just so happy to be on that boat. Sixteen years later and
she's the youngest _captain_ allowed to sail the seas, all on her own. I know
she's very embarrassed right now, but please Laura join us on stage."

With a fiery red head I got up and got on stage, my parents both hugged me and
I waved awkwardly to the audience. "Now," my father said, "You know how proud
we are of you, but I just can't say it often enough. So it's our honor today to
tell you that you've passed the ICC certification to sail the oceans. You can
now follow your dream and sail to France." Someone from the Batavia shouted
"France? Why not the Netherlands?" My father laughed and said "Or the
Netherlands, whatever." The Dutch crew cheered and shouted "That's better,
stupid French." The crew of the French ship chuffed jokingly as a response.

As my father handed me the certificate a roaring applause rose from the
audience and I just hugged my father and cried. I had worked so hard to pass
that exam. My mother took me in her arms and told me how proud she was off me.
With the certificate in my arms and I turned towards the crowd, awkwardly
bowing and thanking them. "Thank you," I said, "Thank you all. This is an honor
and I'm going to slap my parents now for doing this to me. Thank you again."

After slapping my fathers arm a few times we sat down at the table where both
Dana and Bill congratulated me. It had been so embarrassing and joyful at the
same time, but most of all it was so nice to have my parents with me that
night.

A few hours later we all sat down in the living room of the Roberts. Bill just
stared at the framed certificate and said "Wow, I am so proud of you Laura, I
really am."

"We all are," Dana filled in and my mother said she couldn't agree more. Then
my father turned to me and said "We've got one more surprise for you. I'm
getting older and with the hotel and all I don't have much time to go sailing
anymore, so your mother and I have talked about this and decided to give the
Merry Maiden to you." I gasped, my father shushed me and said "Under just one
condition."

"Which is?"

"That I'm always allowed to board the ship," he said, "AND that you will take
good care of her. She was my father's before and now she's yours."

I jumped into their arms and screamed "Really? She's really mine? All mine?"

My mother smiled and said "Yes darling, she's all yours. She was when you
sailed out of port this morning. Didn't you read the lanyard?"

I ran to my backpack, got it out and read it once more. "owner and captain of
the Merry Maiden" it read. I burst into tears when I read it and couldn't have
been happier. I was just sixteen, couldn't drive a car but had my very own ship
to sail the open seas. I jumped for joy and we partied until it was around one
in the morning. The moment my head touched the pillow I fell into a deep sleep.

The five of us went out to see the festival and I was so happy when my parents
told me they were staying for the week too. It was rare for them to take a week
off and I was so happy to spent this time with them. We had a very good time
and after lunch Dana said "Now it's time for us girls to retreat. We'll be back
in about an hour or so. Come on girls, I've got a surprise for us."

When we returned Bill and my father burst into laughter when they saw us. We
were dressed like the women on a pirates island. For me it was the first time I
wore a dress showing that much of my cleavage, but as Dana and my mother were
dressed the same I didn't feel that embarrassed about it. We even got
compliments on our way back to the boys. My father took a picture of the three
of us and we went on to enjoy the festivities.

It was around nine in the evening when we returned home and I almost felt sorry
to take of that wonderful dress, but we had to return it the next morning and I
really could use a good shower. We sat on the back porch overlooking the harbor
until it was time to go to bed.

It was around three in the morning when I woke up hearing those noises again.
Every now and again it sounded like someone was in pain, but it was just too
muffled to be sure. I got up, put on my robe just to go to the bathroom. When I
stepped into the hallway it sounded a little louder and I decided to
investigate this time. As quiet as I could I sneaked down the stairs as not to
wake my parents who were sleeping in the room next to me. As I did so I was
wondering how on earth this didn't wake up my mother who was a very light
sleeper.

When I was downstairs the sounds were even louder and seemed to come from the
cellar, which had always been locked. I tried to open the door and to my utter
amazement it did. From the top I could see some light downstairs and the sounds
were even louder now. I could hear someone speak but couldn't understand what
they were saying. Then I heard a banging sound, followed by a shriek of pain. I
slowly stepped onto the stairs leading down and closed the door behind me. The
stairs ware now completely dark but for the light coming from down the stairs.

Carefully I took ever single step as not to make to much noise. When I finally
was down I noticed the door being ajar and I slowly, carefully walked up to
peek inside. When I finally did I held my hand against my mouth to muffle any
sound I made. What I saw was my mother in some sort of contraption, her hands
ware bound to the metal tubing, her legs spread and bound to the contraption as
well. Her breasts were laid on a wooden board and in front of her Dana stood
with a nail and a hammer in her hand.

I watched as Dane placed the nail on my mothers left breast and nailed it to
the board. My mother groaned, biting her lip to muffle the screams she made.
Then Dana picked up another nail and hammered it through the right breast which
now had two nails go right through them. As I stood there watching them Dana
used ten nails in total to fix my mothers breasts to the wooden board. My
mother was panting to hide the pain she was in.

Then it was Dana's turn. She sat down in the other contraption, her arms and
legs were bound and this time it was my father who used the hammer and nails on
her. Moments later I saw Dana and my mother sitting there with their breasts
nailed to wooden boards when I had to hide in the dark, hold my breath as both
Bill as my father walked out that door and go up the small stairs leading to
the first floor. I heard them lock the cellar door and I was trapped.

I listened to the groans coming from that room, my mother was sitting there in
the dark doing her best to hide the pain she was in. I slowly pushed open the
door and walked in. My mother gasped when she saw me, but she just couldn't go
anywhere. I walked up to her, looked at her breasts and saw the small trickles
of blood seeping out two of the wounds. Her eyes were wide open and I just
brushed her hair with my hand. I slowly walked out and up the stairs, I knocked
on the door and called for my father to come down.

When I was done I got undressed, sat down in the third contraption, placed the
last wooden board in front of me and laid my breasts on it too. Within a minute
both my father and Bill walked in, switched on the light and gasped when they
saw me sitting there. "You forgot about me," I said softly. My father just
stared at me and shook his head. Bill on the other hand picked up the hammer
and nails and walked up to me.

"Are you sure?" he asked and I nodded yes. He placed the first nail on my right
breast and my heart was racing, I screamed when he drilled the first nail
straight through. When he did the second one I tried to keep it inside as much
I could. A few minutes later there were ten nails securing me to the wooden
board in front of me, I saw my blood trickle out of some of them and my mother
was just staring at me in disbelieve. Then the two men retreated, switched of
the light and went upstairs again.

"Why?" my mother whispered in the dark.

"Because I love you," I replied through the pain I felt with every move I could
make.

I don't know how long we were in there, but at some point my Bill came
downstairs again. He took care of my mother first, she moaned as Bill pulled
out all the nails and I watched how he softly massaged my mother breasts and
released her from the contraption. Then he did the same for Dana and I watched
the two women massage their breasts to relieve the pain. Then Bill looked at me
and slowly pulled out the nails too. I did my very best not to scream from the
pain I felt. When I finally was done it felt so good when he softly massaged my
breasts and after he released me I could stop massaging them.

Although the pain had been excruciating the adrenaline rush made more than up
for it. I joined the other two women and when I was guided to my room my mother
joined me. We laid down in my bed and she said "You weren't supposed to ever
know about this. This was supposed to be just between us adults."

"Mom," I replied, "I knew something was up since the first time I stayed over.
I even thought Dana was in an abusive relationship. I was bound to find out
sometime."

"Maybe you're right, but not like this. Why on earth did you do what you did?"

"As I said, because I love you. And I wanted to know how it felt, I've always
been able to withstand pain, remember? I didn't even cry when I broke my wrist."

"That's true," my mother chuckled, "the doctors were amazed."

"Mom?" I softly said after a while, "Do you breasts hurt too?"

She burst into laughter and said "What do you think? They were nailed to a
board, of course they hurt." Then the door swung open and the others entered my
room. My mother got out of bed and both Bill and my father stood on either side
of it. Dane stood behind my dad and my mother behind Bill. Slowly they took of
the robes and I gasped when I saw the both of them naked.

My mother took my right ankle and Dane the other one as Bill got on top of me,
pressing his hard penis against my vagina, slowly he pushed it inside me. I got
wet almost instantly and looked at my mother who just nodded it was okay.
After just a few thrusts he unloaded his cum deep inside my pussy, pulled out
and it was my fathers turn. My mother let go of my ankle, took my head into her
arms and said "Welcome to the family daughter. I remember the first time my
father took me like it was yesterday. Now it's time for your father to take
you, from this day forward you are his bride." With that my father pushed his
big fat cock inside me and I moaned loudly.

"Oh yes," my mother said, "fuck your daughter, make her the slut she really
is." My father fucked me long and hard. In the end I had my legs locked around
his waist, my arms around his neck and shouted "Oh yes daddy, fuck me. Fuck
your daughter, I love it when you fuck me. Oh yes daddy, come inside me. Make
me a mommy, I want to bare your children daddy, as many as you want me to."

He unloaded deep inside me and I felt myself orgasm so hard. "Oh my God," I
shouted, "I'm coming daddy, I'm coming on that big fat cock of yours. I love
being your slut, your whore."
