# Our Sons

## Chapter One
"Ronin! Are you awake! Come on! You really have to get up now! Ronin!" I just
couldn't believe that boy, it was like sleeping was his favorite thing to do. I
stood at the foot of the stairs shouting for him to wake up. "Ronin!" I heard
some noise coming from his room. "Ronin? Are you up?" I shouted once more.

"Yeah, yeah. I'm up! I'm up!"

"Come on Ronin! School starts in an hour! We really need to hurry now!"

I went back into our kitchen. I couldn't believe he was sixteen already and
about to learn how to drive. Sixteen. My boy was growing up so fast, it felt
like yesterday that I held him in my arms for the first time. The look on my
parents face when they met him. The contrast to when I told them I was pregnant
was immense. Who could blame them? I was Ronins age when I found out I was
pregnant. A one night stand gone wrong as the condom had broke and I had just
started taking the pill. His parents were so angry with the both of us, sending
him off to a private school on the other side of the country. Then came the law
suit and as they were really powerful people in town they won, relieving their
son of all parental rights including visitation.

That's when my parents really stepped up. They did everything in their power to
see me graduate high school and college. I specialized in family law, so when
he finally wanted contact I knew exactly how to prevent that from happening.
Now however that had changed. Ronin wanted to know who his father was and I had
told him everything as he was old enough now to understand. It was now his
decision whether he wanted any contact with his father or not.

"Ronin!" I shouted once more.

"Yes, I'm here." His voice was right behind me and it startled me. "Don't get
scared mom," he chuckled, "It's just me."

"I didn't know you were there," I giggled, "Come, have some breakfast so we can
go."

Thirty minutes later I dropped him off at school and got to work. Just another
day helping people getting divorced. When I first started it was all so
exciting, now it was just more of the same. "What if we sell the house and
divide the proceedings equally?" or "Your husband has enough assets to support
you and your children", always the same thing. It made me feel happy that I
never got married. I was more than happy with the short flings I had, or even
the one night stand every now and then.

It was around five in the afternoon when I picked Ronin up from school. "How
was your day sweetie?" I asked as he got into the car.

"The same as yesterday mom," he replied, "The same as the day before."

"How was your test?"

"It was okay. I think I did well. Lets just go home mom. I really want to take
a shower before I go see Liam."

"Sure honey. I was thinking to order in tonight. Thai or Italian?"

"Pizza!"

I chuckled as he always chose pizza when I gave him the choice. As we drove
home we talked about small things and as we walked into the house I said "Why
don't you take that shower and I will order us a pizza. DelMonte?"

"Of course! I don't want a pizza from anywhere else."

After ordering our pizza I went upstairs to change too. Although the business
suit was comfortable I couldn't wait to get out of it. As I walked up the
stairs I noticed the bathroom door was slightly open. "God Ronin! Close that
door!", I thought and as I passed by I couldn't help but look. Ronin was
standing in front of the mirror totally naked. He was shaving and my eyes
wandered _downstairs_. I gasped when I saw what he had between his legs, it was
so big. Bigger than I ever thought it would be. I just stood there for a moment
taking it all in before I shook my head and said "Ronin! Close the door! How
many times do I have to say this!"

In my room I sat down on my bed "Laura! Did you really just stare at your own
sons cock? How could you? He's your son, for Gods sake." I told myself in my
head. "You shouldn't do that!" I got undressed and slipped into a pair of yoga
pants and a sweatshirt. As I was changing the image of my son naked popped into
my head. "It was so big," I thought, "Really big. I wonder how big it will get
if ... Stop it! He's your son!"

Right at that moment the doorbell rang. "Ronin! Pizza is here." I shouted and
rushed to open the door. The young man handed me our pizza and I said "Just a
moment. I'll get my purse." I rushed back inside, got my purse and went back to
the door. "How much? 18 dollars. Here, keep the change. Yes, a goodnight to you
too. Bye." As I went back inside Ronin was standing in the kitchen wearing a
pair of shorts and a shirt. "I thought you were going to Liam's later."

"Yes, we're going to shoot some hoops," he replied, "Wow, anchovies! You
actually remembered this time."

"Of course I did honey," I replied with a chuckle, "I won't make that mistake
again."

Thirty minutes later Ronin left to play some basketball with his friends and I
took the time for a shower. As I sat in the living room wearing my robe and a
towel on my head I heard the backdoor open and shut. "No Liam, that was not a
three pointer. No way!" My heart stopped for a moment. Did he just bring his
friends over? I was only wearing my robe! I got up as quick as I could and just
as I wanted to rush up the stairs Ronin and Liam stood there in front of me. My
robe was slightly open showing part of my breasts. "Oh hi," I blushed, "Don't
mind me. I was just going upstairs." I quickly closed my robes and went up the
stairs as quick as I could.

Just as I was on the landing I heard Liam say "Your mom is really hot!" and it
made me blush a little. I heard Ronin protest and went into my room. Hearing
Liam say I was hot made me feel really good about myself and at the same time I
thought "What the hell Laura! He's a sixteen year old boy!"

Twenty minutes later I walked into our living room feeling a little
embarrassed. "I'm so sorry," I said, "I didn't expect you home so soon."

"It's okay mom," Ronin said, "We didn't plan on it either. The others just
left."

"Aw, I'm sorry," I replied, "So, want something to drink? Some snacks maybe?"

"Don't worry mom," Ronin said, "Just sit down and I will get us something."

I sat down on the couch and Liam sat down on the other side of it. We didn't
say a word at first and then together we said "I'm sorry..", we looked at each
other and burst into laughter. "Okay, okay, you go," I said when I stopped
laughing.

"I'm so sorry if I embarrassed you Mrs. Bailey. I'm sure it wasn't easy for
you."

"First of all call me Laura. Mrs. Bailey is my mother. Second of all, yes it
was a little embarrassing, but don't worry about it. I'm over it now."

"That's nice to hear," he moved a little closer to me, "And I wasn't that
embarrassed either. You're a beautiful woman, Laura. You really are." He moved
in even closer to me. I should have felt uncomfortable, but hearing him
complement me and with his body I totally didn't. He leaned in and before I
knew it he kissed me.

"What are you doing?" I whispered.

"I'm giving you what you need," he whispered and kissed me again. His hand went
up to my breasts and I really should have stopped him, but somehow I just
couldn't or didn't want to. Feeling him cup my left breast like that made me
feel so nice. It had been a while since I had been touched like that. He moved
in even closer and placed his hand on my belly underneath my shirt. We kissed
some more as his hand made his way North. I started to breath heavily and even
moaned as he cupped my naked breast. His mouth opened and I could feel his
tongue on my lips. Automatically I opened my mouth too and our tongues met. "Do
you want me to continue?" he asked.

I slowly nodded and he pressed his mouth firmly against mine. Our tongues
started to dance around each other as his hand caressed both my breasts. He
pressed his muscular, young torso against mine and I put my arms around him.
Liam leaned away and slowly lifted up my shirt. To my utter amazement I let
him, even raised my arms to make it easier on him. I was now sitting topless in
front of my sons best friend. He leaned forward and softly kissed my nipples,
he even bit them softly making me moan even louder. I placed my hand on his
head as he was sucking my breast. "Oh yes," I moaned, "yes."

His hand went South on me and slipped underneath my pants. I spread my legs for
him and before I knew it he touched my clit. "Oh my God," I panted, "Oh my God,
you're making me wet." I felt his finger spread my labia and slide inside of
me. "Oh yes," I panted, "It's been so long." He looked at me and smiled.
Moments later I raised my hips so he could take off my pants. He spread my legs
and started to lick me. I had never been licked like that before and I panted
heavily. Right at that moment Ronin walked in, at first I was startled, scared.
Then I realized he was totally naked, his dick was so hard.

I stood right in front of me and I just launched at his cock. I pulled him
towards me and licked his cock for the first time. I looked up at him and
opened my mouth for my sons cock. It tasted so good! As I was gagging on my
sons cock I felt Liam placing his against my vagina and without waiting he
pushed it all the way inside me. I groaned as I still had my sons cock in my
mouth. I pulled back and moaned "Oh yes, fuck me! Fuck me hard Liam! Watch how
I suck my sons cock!"

After a few minutes Liam pulled out and changed places with Ronin. "Oh my God,"
I panted, "Are you really ..." Before I could finish Ronin planted his cock
deep inside my pussy. "Oh yes! Fuck me Ronin! Fuck your mother! Oh yes, harder,
harder. Make me come all over your cock! Oh My God! This feels so good. Deeper,
my son, deeper. I want you to fuck me as hard as you can. Oh yes! Yes! Fuck
your mother!"
