# Secrets
_an erotic tale by Transgirl_

## Chapter One
Was I really doing this? The rain was clattering against my windshield as I was
driving towards my _date_. My date, couldn't believe I was actually going on a
date. Me, a married mother of two going on a date. How had it come to this? How
had we slid down that slope? We were happily married, weren't we? So why was I
even in my car, driving to some sleazy motel? Did I really want to do this? Was
this what I was looking for? So many questions, the anxiety became too much for
me so I made a u-turn the first chance I got and went home.

As I walked in my apartment I felt deflated, we had planned this so carefully.
Vetted the person I was going to meet, made all the necessary arrangements,
even rented an apartment 500 miles from home so I wouldn't bump into anyone who
knew us and still I couldn't go through with it. Why? I sat down on the couch
and looked around the apartment. None of the furniture was really my taste, but
you couldn't complain about a completely furnished apartment, could you? Maybe
it was better to just stop.

The clock on the wall told me it was just passed midnight and I really could
use a drink. All the cupboards were empty, not even a bottle of wine in the
fridge. I had arrived late, didn't have time to go by the store. Promised
myself to do it the next day, never expected I would spend that first night
alone there. I grabbed my purse and walked to the bar just around the corner,
sat down at the bar. The bartender asked me what I wanted. "One Jim please,
straight up."

"Whoa, the girl knows her whiskey." he replied with a nice smile.

"I do. My dad taught me." Which wasn't a complete lie. Ever since he sold his
company we had spent more time together, something we both really craved. When
I was growing up he wasn't really there for me, all he did was work and even
when he was supposed to be there for me he was on the phone for something or
another. The first time I saw any emotion from him was when my mother got sick
and I saw how scared he was when the doctors told us it was terminal. I didn't
see that strong businessman anymore, all I saw was a broken man who was about
to loose the one thing that made him strong. Right at that moment I forgave
him for everything, all I wanted was for him to be happy again.

A month after my mother passed away he sold everything, the company, the house,
all his cars, everything. Settled down in a small house near the coast. It
took us a year to reconnect, at first I was so mad at him. I felt like he sold
everything that reminded me of mom, like he just threw her away. Then one day I
decided to visit him, to tell him how I felt, to tell him the truth. The moment
I walked into that house I knew I had been wrong. The first thing I saw was a
photo of my mom hanging over the fireplace, a candle burning below her
portrait. He still was in love with her. "That's how I want to remember her,"
he said, "See that love in her eyes? She was looking at you, I was holding you
in my arms. You must have been six months old at the time. I love that photo."

"But why did you sell the house?"

"Because it reminded me of what she became. All I saw was the pain she was in,
the moments I had to run to her because she was screaming. I didn't see that
love anymore, it just was too painful."

"Oh dad," I replied, "You could have told me."

"Why? You haven't lived there for over ten years. It wasn't your home anymore
and now it wasn't mine either."

That day was the first time we actually spoke about mom, about us, about
everything. We really connected that weekend. It was like a ton was lifted of
my shoulders, maybe that was why I was open to a new experience, maybe that was
what Travis saw in me. I was at the store buying groceries for a surprise
dinner for my dad when my eyes fell on someone standing in another isle. It was
love on first sight for me and when his eyes crossed mine I turned away, I had
been staring at him for quite some time by then. In another isle he bumped his
cart into mine and we got to talking. I giggled like a schoolgirl and he asked
me out for coffee the next day.

When I got home my dad could see something had happened. "You've met someone,"
he said out of the blue. I tried my best to deny it but even I wouldn't have
believed me. "You really have met someone," he said with a laugh, "Your mother
would have been so happy. Finally, I am so happy for you pumpkin. Who is he?"

"Just some guy I met at the supermarket," I replied, "And it's just coffee."

"Which isle?"

"What do you mean?"

"Humor me. Which isle?"

"Fruits and vegetables, I believe."

"That's where I met your mother," he said and looked up at the photo of my
mother and I thought her smile was just a little bigger. As if she was winking
at me. My father and I looked at each other and just started laughing. The
while situations was just so ridiculous. That was almost six years ago, two
years later we got married and now I was in a town where I didn't know anyone
about to do something stupid.

I held up my hand for another drink and the handsome bartender handed me
another shot. "Bad night?" he asked.

"Really bad," I replied, "But with a silver lining, I guess."

"A silver lining?"

"Yeah, my mom always said to look for the silver lining in everything. Even
when you think it's the worst thing that could ever happen."

"Wise woman," the bartender replied.

"Yes, she was. She passed away almost seven years ago. Cancer."

"I'm sorry to hear that."

"It brought my dad and me together again. So typical for her, even in her death
she made sure something good came from it."

The bartender and I kept talking for a while and three hours later he was in my
apartment, tearing my clothes off of me. Just minutes later I pushed him on the
bed, straddled him and guided his cock inside my wet pussy. We had sex for
almost an hour, he came inside me multiple times and I had done what I had come
there to do. My husband and I both shared a fantasy of me being with other men
and that weekend I was supposed to be with someone we had found on the
internet, vetted and he seemed on the up and up. It was the planned part of it
that might have been what turned me off, it was all just so -- mechanical.

The bartender was getting dressed and I let him out. "I had a wonderful night,"
he said, "Maybe we could do this again some day."

"I don't think so," I replied, "I'm married and you were just a fling. Sorry."

"Hmm," he said, "Now I understand the girls I tell the same thing." He smiled
at me once more and left. I twirled around the room for a moment, reveling in
the feeling I had. Finally after years of fantasizing I had made it come true,
I had finally slept with a man I had only just met, someone who's name I didn't
even know. I felt like I was on top of the world. As I was spinning around the
room I walked over to the dresser next to the bed, picked up my phone and
stopped the recording. I sat down on the bed and started the video. I watched
myself plant the phone and say "I hope you like it. It isn't what we planned
but this is the way I want it. Enjoy, my dear. This one is for you." I stood up
as in the background the doorbell sounded.

I laid down on the bed as I dialed the phone number of my husband. "Where were
you?" was the first thing he asked, "That guy called and told me you never
showed up."

"No," I replied, "I got cold feet. But it all went well after all. Did you
check the cloud? There might be something that might interest you." I tried to
sound teasingly and the way he responded it worked.

"What do you mean?" he said and I could hear he was smiling.

"Just check it already."

"Wow, did you really..."

"Yep, I picked him up at the bar around the corner. This is what I wanted,
something -- organic. I didn't go there to pick someone up, I went there just
to have a drink. We got to talking and one thing led to another so to say." In
the background I could hear myself moaning. "So what do you think? Seeing your
lovely wife in the arms of another man? Can you see how much I'm enjoying
myself?"

"Wow," was all he could say, "This is -- amazing. How was he?"

"Okay. It was more the thought of me being with him that made me come. It sure
wasn't the way he fucked me. The thought that I was actually doing it was what
turned me on."

"But you sure like to suck his cock, I see."

"Oh yes, just like I love to suck yours."

"So, when are you coming home now that what we have arranged fell through?"

"I think I might stay the weekend. Maybe I will send you another video or two."

"What? I thought it would only be this one time."

"Yeah, we need to talk --"

We talked until the sun rose again. We had phone sex for the first time and it
was just all so magical, like we were starting to date all over again. After a
few hours of sleep I got up, showered and went out for some breakfast at the
bistro nearby. I loved this apartment, it was downtown somewhere Travis never
wanted to live. As I was sitting there outside the bistro waiting for my latte
and sandwich my thoughts went back to that moment where I told Travis for the
first time what my fantasy was. It was after we had made love and he noticed
how unsatisfied I was.

"What's wrong?" he asked. And I tried to blow him of with a short "nothing" but
he didn't believe me. "No Laura, I can feel that's something's wrong. What did
I do? I don't want to be the only one who feels satisfied. Come on, what's up?"

"I don't know," I replied, "I've --"

"You've what?"

"I have had this feeling for a long time and I just feel so embarrassed about
it. I can't, I just can't."

"Can't what? Come on, you know you can tell me anything. Come on baby, talk to
me."

"I can't. I don't want to hurt you."

"I know. But not telling me is hurting you and I can't stand that. So come on,
what's up."

"I love you so much Travis, I really do. You're the one I want to grow old
with, have a family one day. But there's always been this -- feeling. This
thing that I always wanted to do but never dared to. Still it haunts me and
sometimes I even fantasize about it. But when I do I always feel so guilty,
like I'm -- never mind. Just go to sleep, it will be okay."

"No, not going to happen. Why do you feel guilty? You feel like you are-- what?
Cheating on me?"

I looked down and softly said "Yeah."

"So what is it then? Fantasizing about other men? Is that it?"

"Yeah, I can't help it. You know how I am, I'm not one of _those_ girls. I've
never had a one night stand, not ever. I've been on the verge of having one,
but at the last moment I always shied away. I just couldn't. And whenever I was
in a relationship with someone it was that feeling that made me push them away.
I didn't want anyone to know and being single made it easier for me. Then I met
you and I knew you were the one for me. The one I wanted to be with for the
rest of my life and now -- whenever we are together I -- I fantasize about
being with someone else."

"Like who? Anyone I know?"

"No, not anyone in particular. Just someone. Like someone I picked up in a bar
or something. Like I don't even know his name or something."

"What? And you still feel that way?"

"I can't help it. Thinking about that makes me come."

"So every time you orgasm you are thinking about someone else."

"Not every time, but most of the times. I am so sorry."

"Yeah. Me too."

"I didn't mean to hurt you, Travis. I love you. Please, please talk to me."

"What is there to talk about. My wife is thinking about some random man fucking
her as I am trying to pleasure her! What is there to talk about! What do you
want me to say? Do you want me to give my blessing? Do you want me to say: go
ahead sleep around! Is that it?"

"No, it's just a fantasy. I've never done it for real, only thought about it."

"That makes it even worse. So, what do you want me to do?"

"Nothing. I won't act on it, you have to know that."

"How can I be sure?"

"Because I gave you my promise when we got married. You know that I don't break
my promises. That's why I feel so guilty! Just thinking about it does that to
me. Think how I would feel if I had actually done it! I couldn't live with
myself."

He was quiet for a while, shook his head and then turned to me. "I can't do
this Laura, I just can't."

"What darling?"

"I can't make you feel guilty for something I --" He took my hands into his and
said "I've had this fantasy for a long time. I saw this video on the internet
once, about this man who _shared_ his wife with other men. Ever since then I
have this fantasy that woman was you."

"What?"

"Yeah, so I can't make you feel guilty for something I want too."

"Oh my God! You want me to be with other men?"

He just nodded and said "Yeah and I want to film it too. I want you to feel
satisfied, have fun and I want to record it."

"Wow. I never knew."

"Yeah, that makes two of us."

"So what do we do now?"

That's how the whole ball got rolling, we made plans and those plans always
lead to having sex. He even got me a set of dildos so we could act as if I was
with another man. The first time he started recording me it felt strange and I
couldn't concentrate on what I was doing. But as with everything I soon got
used to exposing myself to the camera and it really turned me on. We role
played at times. I would go to a bar and sit down. He would come up to me and
we would pretend we didn't know each other. Finally he surprised me with the
ultimate plan of renting an apartment in a different town, a place I could go
to and scratch my itch, so to say. All under the premise I would always record
what happened in the apartment and always be honest about everything.
