# My Dirty Little Secret
_a series of erotic tales by Transgirl_

## Seditio

### Prologue
People say the older you get the wiser you become. I might be the exception to
that saying. I started to rebel at a late age, after puberty I mean, and I
really never stopped after I realized the freedom it gave me. In some ways I
still rebel against the norms of society. Mainly because I think it's not
societies job to tell me what I can and cannot do as long as I don't harm
anyone with what I am doing. Sure I have made mistakes, but the goal of
mistakes is to learn from them and doing your utmost not to make those mistakes
again. At least that's my opinion.

For a long time I've been struggling whether or not I should write down the
story of my life. People kept saying that I should but I never felt quite ready
and I'm not much of a writer. Using a ghost-writer seemed so _ingenious_. If I
wanted to share it I should write it myself, I always told myself. So here I am
sitting in my office, staring at a screen writing it all down.

I will try to make this as structured as I can, starting with my childhood and
ending where I am today, who I am today. It's been a life with ups and downs,
as with every person on this planet, but mine could be a bit more _extreme_ so
to say. Like ever other person I have my regrets, things I shouldn't have done,
but all in all it has led to an interesting experience. According to everybody
who knows I have truly lived and enjoyed my life.

Oh my, this all sounds very depressing. Just to be clear I'm in no way ending
my life, I still enjoy it way to much. Even in the dawn of my life I love
living and really don't want it to stop ever.

There is just one disclaimer in all of this. As I said I don't want to hurt
anyone in my past and current life, so I will not be using real names of either
persons or places. If you ever crossed my path you know who you are and that's
enough for me. Neither will I give any person the job they have or had, I care
about most of the people who were or still are in my life and I want to protect
them in any way I can.

With that all being said, let's just start at the beginning.

### Chapter One
Milton Grove is a small town in the mid-west. To the north are the mountains,
with _Milton's Peak_ towering high above the rest. To the west you will find
_Lake Savage_, a wide expanse of water with depths to over 200 feet. The name
derives from a rough translation from how the tribes called it and it surely
fits. Many have perished underestimating the waters and how _savage_ the
weather can be on the lake.

To the east and south farmers crow their crops for miles and miles, as far as
the eye can see fields of waving corn, grains or other crops are waving in the
near endless winds. Through those fields runs a simple road, only two lanes to
and from Milton Grove, ultimately disappearing as it meanders through the
mountains to the north.

In the middle of town was where we lived. My father ran the local store and my
mother was a teacher at the only school in town. The school not only provided
an education to the children, it was also home to the only sports team we had.
_The Milton Wildcats_ never were a good team, but the year I will start my
story they had almost made it to the state playoffs. All of Milton was covered
in banners to support _our_ team.

My father was hanging one of those banners over the entrance of the store, I
sat on the side-walk looking up at him. I couldn't have been older than six or
seven at the time, but those are some of my earliest memories. The sun was
blazing and I couldn't have been happier as my father had given me my favorite
Popsicle, the cold treat was more than welcome.

As with every little girl my father was my hero and I was amazed by how he
dared get up that ladder that high. "Is it straight?" he shouted to me. I
looked closely and said "I think so, daddy" He came down from the ladder, stood
next to me and said "Ah, it's straight enough. Looking forward to the game
tonight?" I nodded profoundly even though I had no clue about the stakes, all I
knew was I was going to watch my brother play.

It's a bit of a blur what happened the rest of the day, I guess I just went to
school as every other day and played with my friends after school. All I can
remember is walking to the school, everybody dressed in something school
related. There were flags being waved, horns being blown and everybody was in
such a good mood. Being so young I didn't really understand football, I still
really don't, but I cheered when _our_ team scored and was sad when the others
did. In the end we all cheered as _we_ had won! _We_ had made it to the state
playoffs.

My brother, who was ten years older than me (yes I was a bit of a surprise to
my parents), wanted to celebrate with his friends and after being with us for a
few moments he ran off to be with his team. We went home to celebrate with the
neighbors whose son also played in the team. The party was so wonderful and
magical to me, that was until it all changed dramatically.

Two police officers had knocked on the door telling us there had been an
accident. A trucker had fallen asleep at the wheel and plowed into the car my
brother was driving. He was killed instantly, his friends passed away in the
hospital the following days. In one blow the core of the team had been taken
away and the Wildcats had to withdraw from the playoffs.

The whole town came out for the funerals, all five of them. Next to loosing my
brother, the sudden change of atmosphere had a huge impact on me. From total
celebration it went to total grieve in the blink of an eye. In some way my
parents never got over loosing their only son and for weeks I felt like I
didn't even exist to them anymore. My mother could explode over the smallest
things, my father totally withdrew into himself. During that first year I
learned not to be too visible, not to ruffle the feathers. As long as I did
what I was told, did good at school I didn't have any problems at home.

During that year I learned to be alone, not to go to my parents with my
problems, to just keep them inside. After that year they did their best to be
my parents again, they realized they still had me to take care of, to love. But
the damage had been done and I was just to scared to change anything I had
gotten used to over that year. I didn't want to take the risk.

So I still did what they wanted me to do, wore what they wanted me to wear and
as I got older I really thought that it was normal for me to think that way.
The clothes I wore were the clothes I liked to wear. Before the accident we
never went to church, after we went every single Sunday. Not that we were
particularly religious, it was more my mother who made us go. "We owe it to
Brandon," she said, "He always wanted us to go, so to honor him we are going."

Brandon had converted a year before he passed away. To respect his wishes we
were quiet before dinner, but I never got to really believing. I just acted
like I did, just to keep the peace.

Despite loosing my brother I can't say I had a rough or bad childhood, after my
parents had given their loss a place and I returned into their lives they did
everything to make me as happy as possible. We went on trips together, went
hiking together and my father even taught me how to sail.

When I turned sixteen they weren't all that keen on me getting my drivers
license, but they allowed it anyway as they knew they couldn't stop me from
getting one after I turned eighteen. "It's better if she learns to drive here,"
my father had said. And he was right. Brandon's accident had been one of only
a few deadly car accidents ever to occur in Milton Grove.

Together with some friends from school we went swimming in the grove, an
outcrop of the lake that was more shallow then the rest. It was surrounded by
trees and there were lots of nooks where you could be more _private_ if you
wanted too. Having the biggest crush ever I was more than willing to go with
Josh to one of those nooks. We laid down on our towels and he kissed me for the
first time. Butterflies roared in my belly as his lips touched mine.

When he cupped my left breast I looked around if anyone could see us and when I
was certain I just let him do it. It didn't take long for him to remove my top
and even shorter to remove my bottoms. He pulled down his trunks and I saw a
real penis for the first time in my life. I gasped when I saw how big and hard
it was, wondering how he could even walk. Then I felt the tip against my
vagina, I held my breath as he slowly pushed it inside me. "Careful," I
whispered, "It's my first time."

Revealing that encouraged him even more and I bit my lip to hide the pain.
Slowly he pushed it all the way in and I urged him to stop for a moment, I just
had to adjust to the intruder inside me. A single tear rolled down my cheek as
I realized I had just lost my virginity. It might not have mattered to others,
but to me it was a big deal. When the pain subsided I whispered I was okay and
he slowly started to pump, sliding his penis in and out of me. The pain was
excruciating, but the longer he kept doing it the better it started to feel. In
the end it felt so good that I didn't want him to stop, ever.

All of a sudden he groaned deeply and I knew he was ejaculating his sperm
inside of me. Instantly I got scared as I wasn't on birth control. My parents
had not brought it up and I had been too scared to ask. When he pulled out I
collected my bikini, got dressed, grabbed my towel and ran away. For two
weeks I was scared and anxious. What if I was pregnant? I didn't dare tell my
parents so I just locked myself up in my room. Every time my parents asked me
what the matter was I told them "Just some things at school. I will get over
it."

When I finally saw that first trickle of blood in my panties I couldn't have
been happier. The period I hated that time was a blessing and I can still feel
the relieve I felt that day. It was almost overwhelming and that feeling of
euphoria was almost addicting. But I didn't want a child, at least not yet, so
I collected all my courage one day and talked to my mom. She totally surprised
me and the next day we had an appointment with the doctor to get a
prescription. "How could we have forgotten about that?" she said as we drove to
the hospital, "We should have done that ages ago."

Although that should have been a sign for me to open up to them, I wrote if off
as an anomaly. I still kept most of my feelings to myself and just presented
myself as that happy-go-lucky child they wanted me to be. The worst part of it
was that I really thought everybody was like that.

From a very young age I wanted to go to college. The days that the acceptance
letter arrived and I graduated high school were some of the happiest of my life
up until then. To celebrate the end of a period I went to prom with Patrick,
the boy from next door who was in the same class as me. It was a very nice
evening and when I kissed him on the cheek to thank him after he had dropped me
off I was sure he had an extra bounce in his step.

To me it was time to end a chapter and begin a new one. The one about my years
in college. To please my father I had chosen law as my major and at the time I
was sure I wanted to become a lawyer. As I said I did anything to keep the
peace and choosing a profession they wanted me to choose was just another
part of it.

My mother had tears in here eyes, my father just was silent as they dropped me
off at college. When they would arrive home their house would be empty and
especially my mother had a hard time coping with that idea. "Why don't you just
stay home with us for a few more years?" she asked me multiple times, but I
felt it was time for me to stand on my own two feet. In just two months I would
turn eighteen and living at the dorms was the first step to my independence.
Little did I know how much I would change getting that independence.

## Chapter Two
The first week was hard on me. Homesickness made enjoying that week almost
unbearable and on more than one occasion I really thought about moving back
home. That would mean dropping out of college too which was something I wasn't
willing to do, so I just muttered through and as time went on it got a little
easier with every day.

Having a nice room mate surely helped. Marisha was just a few months older than
me and she was quite the opposite of me. Where I was modest and reserved, she
was open and outgoing. She had her heart on her sleeve and whenever I did
something she didn't like she would let me know. It took some getting used to,
at first I thought it irritating, but then I realized it had made living with
her a lot easier. I simply knew where here limits were.

The first time I said something to her that I didn't like it was such a
revealing moment for me. She didn't get angry, she didn't want to smack me, she
just said "Oh, I'm sorry. I won't do it again." and she didn't. Over time I
opened up to her more and by the end of the first semester we considered
ourselves friends who happened to be room mates too.

When I returned home for Christmas my mother told me how much I had grown and I
felt really proud when she said that to me. She wasn't one to give many
complements so when she did it really meant something. As with every Christmas
there was a present under the tree for Brandon too and on Christmas day we went
to visit him early in the morning. This year it was my turn to open the present
for him. "Here you go brother," I said as I placed his present next to the
headstone, "I hope you have a wonderful Christmas up there in heaven. Give
Jesus a fist bump from me, will you? And maybe even a kiss. I love you brother,
I always will and I do miss you, a lot."

My mother cried when she heard me talk to him. I had never done that before and
she put her arms around my father. "Thank you Laura," she whispered, "That was
really nice." We stayed for a few more moments, then left to go to Charlie's
like we did every Christmas. Charlie's was Brandon's favorite restaurant and
that way we felt like he was with us, even for a moment.

After the Christmas break it felt a little weird to be back on campus, but I
got used to it rather soon and seeing Marisha again felt really good. She told
me all about her holiday and I told her about mine. When she asked about
Brandon I told her everything I remembered, leaving out the part about how it
made me feel like I couldn't talk to my parents anymore. All I told her how
hard it was on them and how hard that period was for me.

"I'm so sorry to hear that," she said after I was finished.

"Thank you," I replied, "But we reached a point that we now celebrate his life
and not mourn his death as much. We mourn when we visit him, we celebrate when
we go to his favorite restaurant. We remember the good times with him and how
lucky we were to have known him. He made our lives richer for the short amount
of time he was with us. I truly believe that."

"I'm sure he did," she said, "But it must have been hard on you too. I mean
with your mother being that depressed, your father that withdrawn. Was there
anyone you could talk too?"

My heart skipped a beat and I really got scared as I didn't really want to tell
her. She saw how uncomfortable I felt and said "I'm sorry, I didn't want to
make you feel awkward. I was just curious."

"It's okay," I replied softly, "I've never really talked about it. Maybe I
should. It's just --"

I was quiet for a moment and Marisha said "If you don't want to talk about it,
it's okay. Truly it is. Just tell me when you are ready."

"I think I am. I really do," I replied, "It's just not easy. I've never -- My
mother could get so angry. About the smallest of things. One day I forgot to
close a cabinet door, she went ballistic. Sent me to my room, didn't even call
me for dinner. She made up for it hours later, but still. Every time she would
apologize and she really meant it, she just couldn't help it. I learned to walk
on eggshells and it lasted for so long I just got used to it, so I never
stopped. I learned to keep everything inside, just so it would be easier for
them. I mean they had lost their son, what did my feelings matter? Somehow I
still feel that way."

"But they are your parents," she said, "Sure they lost a son, but they still
had you."

"Yes," I whispered, "After a year or so they realized that too and they fought
hard to give his loss a place and it got better after that. But I -- I just
didn't feel like I mattered anymore, so when things changed I just kept it up."

"Wow, that must have been so hard and lonely," she said.

"It was. But it got better. We started to do things, just the three of us and I
had a good childhood. I can't complain. I mean doesn't every child have secrets
from their parents?"

"Oh yes, we all do. But not anything like that. If I have a problem I know I
can talk to my mom, about anything."

"Really? I had to collect all my courage just to ask her for the pill."

"Wow, my mother practically forced it on to me. I was thirteen or so."

"Thirteen? Wow, I was sixteen, almost seventeen."

"Why so late?"

"Oh, that's a whole other story. I might tell you one day."

"Now I am curious. Come on tell me!"

I resisted but she kept pushing and I just blurted it out. I told her all that
happened with Josh and how I lost my virginity. I even told her how scared I
was until I got my period and how that finally made me ask my mother to get on
birth control.

"Oh wow," Marisha said after I had told her all of that, "Sixteen? You were
late, I was thirteen when I lost mine, I was on the pill for about half a year
by then."

"Thirteen? How? I didn't even think about sex then."

"Oh, it was Dylan. He was a few classes ahead of me and I really thought we
would get married and have children one day. Well after we had done it, we were
a couple for a few more weeks until he broke it off. I was so devastated."

"I'm sure you were. Thirteen really?" Marisha nodded and we sat quietly for a
while. It felt good having told someone about that period, it felt good to
finally open up to someone. The best part of it was she didn't judge me like I
had feared someone would, she had just listened and that was something I so
desperately needed.

After sitting quietly for a while Marisha asked "So what do you like in a boy?"
I just burst into laughter and slapped her arm. It was a nice release of
tension and we frolicked trying to tickle each other for a while. Right at that
moment I knew I had met my best friend for life.

Weeks of studying, taking exams and spending time with friends went by. Slowly
I opened up to others too, but never to the same extend as with Marisha.
Combining school with free time was hard at first, but it got easier as time
went on. Just before the midterms I went to my very first on-campus party at
one of the fraternities. Marisha had insisted on me going too and she pushed me
into wearing a tight red dress. "It just looks so good on you," she said
remembering that night I tried it on. I had never been the dress or skirt
wearing type, let alone the heals I was wearing. She had lend me some nice
earrings and a necklace to complete my look.

As expected I felt rather awkward at the party and just watched others dance
and have fun. I enjoyed watching them with a nice beverage in my hand. People
had tried to give me something alcoholic but I had refused. I had never drank
alcohol and wasn't willing to try. Marisha went crazy on the dance floor and I
just chuckled to see her hair dance through the air, at moments it looked like
it was floating.

At some point some boy came to talk to me, asking me to dance but I refused.
"Oh no," I said, "I don't dance. But thank you for the offer." After talking
for a while he moved on and I tried to find Marisha again. When I couldn't see
here I slightly panicked and went to see if I could find her. After about ten
minutes I finally did. She was in one of the rooms with her skirt raised up,
her blouse open she was sitting on top of the boy she had been dancing with.
Her boobs bounced as she did, moaning "Oh yes, it feels so good." With a very
red head I turned away and stood on my own in the hallway, not believing what I
had seen and what she was doing.

When she saw me almost fifteen minutes later, her hair was a mess, her clothes
disheveled as she asked me "What's wrong?"

I leaned forward and whispered "I couldn't see you anymore so I went looking
for you and I saw you with that boy."

"So?" she replied, "I saw you in the door, but I was having to much fun."

"You saw me?"

"Oh yes, I'm not blind when I'm having sex." she said out loud.

"Keep your voice down," I bit to her, "What might people think?"

"Who cares? We all do it. I don't care about what people might think. They will
be talking about you anyway, so why not give them something to talk about."

I was just stunned by what she said, not able to compute I just stood there for
a moment. It felt like I was short circuiting and my system had to reset. After
a few seconds I shook my head and said "But you have to care, otherwise you
would be a sociopath."

"Oh, I empathize. That's something sociopaths can't do. I don't want to hurt
anyone on purpose so I don't go to school naked because I feel like it. Because
that's not something most people would be comfortable with. But I don't let
that dictate everything in my life. Why shouldn't I wear the clothes I like? Or
why shouldn't I have sex with a boy if he feels the same way. We both know it's
just this once and it's just to scratch an itch. On top of that we both
consented and it was just so much fun."

I really had to think about that and at that moment we agreed to let it be. We
had fun and for the first time I let myself be pulled on the dance floor. It
felt awkward at first but then I started to enjoy it and in the end I just
didn't care and let myself go. Marisha laughed when she saw me go wild, even
though it wasn't nearly as much as she could let go. It was a start.

In the week after finals we went to another party and I had a little more fun
that time. At some point a nice boy took my hand and guided me to one of the
rooms. I gasped softly when I saw Marisha on her knees in front of a boy. The
boy who took me there sat down on the bed and awkwardly I pulled down his
pants. I carefully took his penis in my hand and licked it. Then I opened my
mouth and took it in. After just a few seconds I forgot where I was and sucked
his cock as hard as I could.

Moment later I laid next to Marisha on my back, my breasts exposed and him on
top of me. I took Marisha's hand in mine as we both were getting laid. It was a
revelation to me, I could have sex with my best friend next to me and still
enjoy every single second of it. When he started to pound me, I put my arms
around him and buried my nails into his back as an orgasm rolled through my
body. When he was about to come he pulled out and I knelt down in front of him.
As his sperm landed on my face I couldn't help but giggle.

When Marisha looked at me and we both saw our cum-covered faces we both burst
into laughter. We disappeared into the bathroom to clean ourselves and restore
our makeup. After straightening our clothes we went downstairs back to the
party still laughing. We got ourselves something to drink and for the first
time in my live I tasted white wine. It felt like a victory to me and I knew I
had changed as I had been laid without any strings attached, just because I
felt like it.

### Chapter Three

