# My Dirty Little Secret
_a series of erotic tales by Transgirl_

## Seditio

### Prologue
People say the older you get the wiser you become. I might be the exception to
that saying. I started to rebel at a late age, after puberty I mean, and I
really never stopped after I realized the freedom it gave me. In some ways I
still rebel against the norms of society. Mainly because I think it's not
societies job to tell me what I can and cannot do as long as I don't harm
anyone with what I am doing. Sure I have made mistakes, but the goal of
mistakes is to learn from them and doing your utmost not to make those mistakes
again. At least that's my opinion.

For a long time I've been struggling whether or not I should write down the
story of my life. People kept saying that I should but I never felt quite ready
and I'm not much of a writer. Using a ghost-writer seemed so _ingenious_. If I
wanted to share it I should write it myself, I always told myself. So here I am
sitting in my office, staring at a screen writing it all down.

I will try to make this as structured as I can, starting with my childhood and
ending where I am today, who I am today. It's been a life with ups and downs,
as with every person on this planet, but mine could be a bit more _extreme_ so
to say. Like ever other person I have my regrets, things I shouldn't have done,
but all in all it has led to an interesting experience. According to everybody
who knows I have truly lived and enjoyed my life.

Oh my, this all sounds very depressing. Just to be clear I'm in no way ending
my life, I still enjoy it way to much. Even in the dawn of my life I love
living and really don't want it to stop ever.

There is just one disclaimer in all of this. As I said I don't want to hurt
anyone in my past and current life, so I will not be using real names of either
persons or places. If you ever crossed my path you know who you are and that's
enough for me. Neither will I give any person the job they have or had, I care
about most of the people who were or still are in my life and I want to protect
them in any way I can.

With that all being said, let's just start at the beginning.

### Chapter One
It's not that I had a bad childhood or anything like that, it was quite the
contrary. As far as I'm concerned I had a very nice one. My parents loved me
and growing up in a small town made it possible for me to play outside care
free. During the summers we went to the small lake just outside of town to go
swimming and during the winters we could go sledding down the mountains. White
Falls wasn't a large town, but large enough to have it's own high-school. The
school wasn't that big making you feel like a person in stead of a number.

All in all growing up there had been a good experience and I was a happy child.
That all changed when my parents divorced and my mother mentally collapsed.
From the age of eleven I had to walk on egg shells and she could explode over
the smallest of things. So in order to keep the peace at home I withdrew into
myself so I wouldn't draw her wrath. On top of it all my mother began to drink
heavily and it was all up to me to take care of the household as my mother laid
on the couch with a bottle in her hand.

When she consequently lost her job things only got worse, finally resorting in
me moving in with my aunt who lived a few houses down the road. Not long after
my aunt got full custody of me and we moved to another town just to get away
from my now fully addicted mother. All of this had a profound impact on me and
even though my aunt kept telling me it wasn't my fault I didn't feel that way.
My mother had told me something else every chance she could. "I wish you were
never born," she once shouted, "It all went wrong when you were born. I should
have gotten an abortion, just like I wanted when I found out I was pregnant.
But no, that asshole of a man wanted to be a dad and he even left you. You are
worthless, a waste of air. Why don't you just hang yourself and make this world
a little better, you whore!"

Mind you I was 12 at the first time she said that to me and 14 when I moved in
with my aunt. Those three years of mental abuse had changed me and I just
didn't talk to anyone, I withdrew into my room reading books full of magic,
adventure and dreamed of being one of them. All I wanted was to get out of
there, as far away from everything and everyone. My aunt did her best to help
me but I had closed off and didn't let her in, as it was the only way I knew to
keep anyone from hurting me.

Despite all of this I kept my grades up as it was the only way I could get away
was to go to college on a scholarship or something. Just before my senior year
my mother passed away, she was a victim of a violent robbery when she walked
home from another drinking spree. When, after her funeral, my aunt cleared the
house she found out my mother had taken out a life insurance when she was still
happy and a payout would insure me going to college. My aunt was on the phone
for several days and after the police issued a report about the attack they
finally paid out as it was totally covered by the insurance.

My aunt put all the money in a college fund so it would be there the moment I
graduated and was accepted into a school. I had applied to multiple schools but
there was just one I really wanted to go to: Milton. Not only was it situated
at the other end of the country, it was on of the best colleges in the country
and with my grades I should be eligible. My teachers wrote recommendation 
letters and I was asked to write a 2,000 word essay on why I should be
considered. It took me four weeks to write one I was happy with and with a
shaking hand I posted the letter.

I didn't hear from them for a few months and just before midterms my senior
year I was invited to an interview that would be held online. I remember how
nervous I was sitting in that small office at school, desperately staring at
the screen and wishing it would start already. The interview did not go as I
had expected, it was a nice conversation between me and one of the professors
and not at all the interrogation I was told about. She wanted to know who I
was, why I wanted to go to Milton and what my aspirations were. She talked to
me like I would expect a caring mother to do and made me feel very comfortable.

I told her about my childhood and how I kept my grades up despite everything.
How I saw going to Milton as a chance to break the cycle of staying in this
small town and becoming like my mother or the rest of my family, disgruntled
human beings who didn't see a way out anymore. It basically came down to what I
had written in my essay. Not that it was easy to talk about, not in the least,
but writing it down for the first time in that essay had made it easier. "She
has read it so she knows already," was what I thought.

When the interview was over she told me they would send me a letter with their
decision. When the screen went black I had no clue on how I had done, I just
didn't. All I knew I had done my best to get in. During the time I was waiting
I got two acceptance letters from other colleges, but those weren't the ones I
was waiting for. Just before finals a letter from Milton arrived. I just
couldn't open it, my whole body was shaking and I felt so sick. "They declined
my application," I said to my aunt, "I'm sure, just open it already and tell me
the bad news."

"Really? Don't you want to do it?" she asked but I said no and she opened the
letter for me. She took it out and read it. Her face went all blank as she read
the words, then she looked at me and said "I'm so sorry!" I just wanted to cry
and then she said "You need to pack and move to Fort Dix, you've been
ACCEPTED!" I could have slapped her, right there and then.

"I've been accepted? I'm going to Milton?" I just couldn't believe it and
grabbed the letter from her. I quickly read it until I reached the words
"...it's our honor to inform you that you've been accepted to our program.
Congratulations..." I just screamed and jumped through the house. "I'M GOING TO
MILTON!" My aunt jumped with me and hugged me tightly.

"I knew you could do it," she said when she held me, "I'm so proud of you. My
niece is going to Milton Law School. Who would have thought."

I sat down on the couch and read the rest of the letter. "We were thoroughly
impressed by the essay and by the interview. Together with all the
recommendation letters we came to the conclusion you would be an excellent
addition to our student core. We would therefore welcome you to join our
introduction week starting the 10th of August." they had written. It talked
some more about getting information about my roommate and about the dorms I
would be assigned to.

When I told my teachers they couldn't have been more happy for me. My English
teacher who had helped me with the essay even cried when I told her. She took
me in her arms and congratulated me. But I had to return to reality, I still
had to graduate and wanted to do that in the best way I possibly could. I
studied hard and passed with flying colors, just because I wanted to go to
Milton.

When one of the boys asked me to go to prom my aunt and I went hunting for a
dress and it was just magical. To me it wasn't just the end of an era, I was
turning the page and starting a new chapter, I was getting out of there. During
the graduation ceremony I wasn't the valedictorian but the principle did
mention me going to Milton. For a moment it was me who was the pride and joy
of that small school in the mid-west. But for me it was more than that, it was
a ticket out of White Falls.

During the summer break I worked in my aunts store just to make a little money
for the first few weeks I would be in Fort Dix so I didn't have to get a job
right away. The day of me leaving came quicker than all of us expected and my
aunt handed me a plane ticket the day before. Because the money was tight it
was decided I would go there all by myself. It wasn't something I was looking
forward to, but there wasn't any other way. Driving there just wasn't an
option, it just was too far.

At the airport my aunt hugged me and we both had tears in our eyes as we said
goodbye. "Thank you for everything," I said, "I love you so much, Pat." She
hated it when I called her Aunt Patricia and I would use that name whenever I
teased her, but this wasn't the moment for it.

"You're so welcome Laura," she replied. It was time for me to check in and I
waved a few times as I went through security and made my way to the waiting
area. I sat down on one of the many benches, cried a little as I tried to read.
After about ten minutes someone asked "Is this seat taken?" I looked up and it
was my aunt holding up a ticket!

"What are you doing here?" I asked her.

"You didn't really think I would let you go like this, did you?" she replied.

I jumped up and hugged her. "How? What?" was all I could utter.

"Well, all your teachers chipped in and we bought you that ticket. But we
raised enough for two and they told me to go with you. So here I am. But I
wanted to really surprise you." Again I wanted to slap her, but laughed and
hugged her again. She was everything I had wanted my own mother to be.

About an hour later we boarded and flew to Fort Dix, stayed in a hotel for the
night and the next day we took a taxi to Milton College. I just kept looking
out the window to the new city I would call home for the foreseeable future.
After about 20 minutes we arrived at our destination. My aunt payed the driver
and I got my luggage out of the car. In front of us the old wall surrounding
one of the oldest colleges in the country, to the right of us was the very well
known _Gate to Knowledge_ and I was very nervous when I stepped over the red
brick line underneath it. _Stepping over the bricks is a right of passage_ I
had read on the website of the college and it surely felt that way.

After registering at the central Administration building, I got handed some
papers and sat down for a photo for my student ID. "You can pick it up
tomorrow," the woman said, "Today is arrival day and nothing special has been
planned. Tomorrow morning at 10 our principle will open the new school year and
this is the program for introduction week. You are assigned room 426 of C wing
in the dorms. And that's about it. Welcome to Milton, Laura." She smiled as she
said the last words and I thanked her for everything.

As we walked to the dorms I recognized someone and when I realized it was the
professor who had interviewed me I ran over to thank her. "Oh, don't thank me,"
she said with a smile, "You did all the work. All I did was ask some questions.
Welcome, welcome to Milton. I knew you would make it the moment I said goodbye.
I have to go now, but we will surely see each other again."

With renewed energy from that encounter we went on to find C wing of the dorms
and when we finally saw the giant letter above the entrance we couldn't help
but think we were a little dumb. The security guard checked my name on a list
and gave us instructions on how to get to my new room. Suddenly I got nervous
all over again, meeting new people always made me uncomfortable. Yes we had
talked on the phone for ten minutes, but this was totally different. This was
the person I would share a room with for four years if everything went right.

My room was all the way to the end of the hallway, the last door to the right
and when we got there I knocked on the open door to announce my arrival. A girl
popped her head around the corner, saw me and said "Laura?" I nodded and she
walked up to me to shake my hand. "Marisha, so nice to finally meet you face to
face." She then turned to my aunt and said "Hi, I'm Marisha. Excuse the mess I
was unpacking. I already chose a bed, hope you don't mind."

I shook my head both sides were mirror images of each other so I really didn't
care that much. In the middle of the room two wardrobes stood back to back
acting like sort of a divider. In both halves there was a bed, a locker and a
small desk to study at. I placed my luggage on the bed and my aunt sat down on
the chair next to the desk. "Well, it's small but bigger than the room I had in
college." She had gone to community college close to White Falls and had worked
herself up at the company she worked for.

After unpacking it was time for my aunt to get to the airport. Her flight would
leave in a few hours and saying goodbye was harder than I thought it would be.
When she walked out the door reality of the whole situation sank in and
suddenly I realized I was in a huge city thousands of miles from home and I
felt a sadness come over me. About ten minutes later Marisha, who had left the
two of us alone for a while, walked back in saw me and said "Oh, don't be sad.
It's a good day. We're starting our lives for real. Come one, let's get a
coffee or something. Let's explore campus."

Despite not feeling like it I did go with her and after getting a beverage we
explore campus. On the central square we saw loads of students walking to
wherever they were going. We just kept walking and when we reached the back
entrance we went into the large park behind the school. It was so beautiful
there with lots of ponds, remains of some old ruins and it was just so peaceful
there. We sat down near one of the ponds and chatted for a while. As we did I
didn't really know what to make of her, she was so totally different from me.

She was open and outgoing, where I was more reserved, yet somehow she intrigued
me and we just had a good time sitting there chatting about nothing really
important. After about an hour we returned to campus to go and get something to
eat in the large mess hall on campus. On our arrival we had gotten a voucher
for a free meal and the both of us were rather hungry. After filling our trays
we found somewhere to sit down and we both kept looking around the massive
hall.

After roaming campus for a while longer we returned to our room and being both
tired we went to bed rather early. Despite my initial fear of not liking my new
roommate I went to sleep with a total different feeling about her. Little did I
know how close the two of us would become.

### Chapter Two
Introduction week went as expected and before I knew it real classes had
started. It took me some time to get used to the new situation and to find a
rhythm combining school with spending some time with the new friends I made,
mostly through Marisha. But I managed to combine it all and the first semester
wasn't all that hard anyway.

In the third week I got a job as a waitress at a restaurant located at the
other side of the park behind the school. It didn't pay much and was totally
dependent on tips, but at least it was something. The first day I had to get
used to the way they wanted me to serve and of course I had to learn the menu,
but that was easy enough to do. Within a few days I was almost as quick as the
girls who had worked there for over a year. Being more capable meant the
customers were more satisfied and my tips began to grow larger. After just a
few weeks I averaged 40 dollars a night.

The problem was however if I wanted a better job I needed a car and that was
something I didn't have. I called my aunt for some advise on how to solve it,
but she couldn't help me either and I earned to little to ask a bank to finance
one. So I was stuck with that low paying job at the restaurant.

Four weeks later my aunt called out of the blue. "Hey," she said, "about that
car issue. I've been thinking and I've asked around a little. I've contacted
your father and he's willing to help you."

"My father? I haven't seen him since the divorce. He abandoned me." I replied.

"Oh no," she said, "That's not true at all. Is that what she told you? No, she
kept you from him. And when he persisted she took out a restraining order on
him. She lied to the police and a judge to get one. I am so sorry for what she
did to you. Sometimes I don't even recognize my own sister."

"What? She did what?"

"You heard me. Well, I've asked a lawyer and now she's passed away, the
restraining order is too. You could see him if you want to."

"So he didn't abandon me?"

"No, not at all. He so desperately wants to see you again. Is it okay if I give
your number to him? I didn't want to do it without you knowing."

"I don't know. It feels all a bit strange. Did he at least fight for me?"

"Oh yes, he told me everything. But with the restraining order there wasn't
much he could do. He wasn't allowed in town at all. He tried to fight it, but
the judge took your mothers side. She had told them he had beaten her and raped
her. She told them she was so afraid of him and that's why she started
drinking."

"Oh my God." I uttered. I didn't want to speak ill of my own mother, but this?
I thought for a moment and said "Yes, give him my number. But I can't promise
it will work out. We haven't seen each other for so long. I don't know how I
will react. Where does he live now? Is he married? Kids?"

"That's not for me to tell you," my aunt replied, "That's up to him."

Within twenty minutes my phone rang again, an unknown number. Filled with fear
I answered the phone. "Laura?" a voice sounded on the other side, I immediately
recognized him and started to cry. "Dad?" We just listened to each others
breathing, I cried so hard and kept saying "Dad? Is it really you?"

After a few minutes he said "Yes pumpkin, it's really me. I am so sorry what
happened to you. I truly am. I tried so hard to get you out of there, but I
just couldn't. I tried everything, everything. But I'm here now pumpkin, I'm
here." Hearing his voice again brought back all the memories, the good and the
bad. We talked for a while, at least I tried to but just kept bursting into
tears. I listened to his side of the story, he explained why he had to leave,
why he couldn't take it any longer. She abused him even more than she did me.
He told me things I didn't know about. Like that time my mother told me he was
on a business trip. In reality she had locked him in the basement to punish
him, he didn't have any food for four days. That's when he left, he just had
to.

"But I'm here now pumpkin, I've missed you so much," he said.

"Did you marry again?"

"Yes, yes I did. Want to talk to her? Her name is Annie, she had two kids of
her own and I'm a step-dad now."

"Wow, I've got siblings?"

"Yes, and they want to meet you too. Their names are Tori and James, 16 and 18
years old. They are good kids."

"Wow," was all I could say.

"Hello?" a female voice said, "Is this Laura? I'm so pleased to finally speak
with you. Your father told me all about you, he just couldn't stop talking and
he was looking for so long." I started crying again, she had a lovely voice and 
sounded so warm and friendly. "Oh please baby, don't cry. This is a good day, a
very good day. Are you free this weekend? We want to come over and meet you for
real. My kids can't wait to meet their new sister, they've been asking for a
long time too. Oh Laura! Please stop crying. As I said this is a good day."

I dried my tears and said "I am so sorry, but this is all just too much for me.
I don't know if I can cope with it all."

"Oh baby," she said, "I'm taking this phone into my office. We need some girl
talk. Whow, you might be her father but your NOT a girl! Take your hand off
this phone! Yes, I will make sure she talks to you after I'm done. Now just
leave me alone. So sorry Laura, but we're alone now. Just you and me. Come on
baby, talk to me." I chuckled softly and Annie said "Oh good, she can laugh.
That's a step forward. Now talk to me girl, I'm here for you."

We talked for a while and she told me her name was Anisha, Annie to her
friends. She told me she came out of an abusive relationship herself and that
she met my father at a meeting for battered spouses. They went out for coffee,
went on a date or two and a year later they got married. "He's the best man
I've ever met," she said, "And the best thing is I don't have to explain
anything, he knows. He really knows. Maybe that's why I fell for him. But
enough about me, what about you? Student at Milton, I heard? You go girl, you
rock." I chuckled again and it was clear why my father had fallen for her too.

"Now," she said after about twenty minutes, "I'm going to give this phone back
to your father. We will see you Saturday. I like you Laura, I really do." I
spoke with my father for another 10 minutes or so before we said goodbye. When
I hung up I felt happy and anxious at the same time. It had felt so good to
talk to him again, but I felt anxious about what the future would bring for us.

That Saturday I was all nerves, I woke up way to early and there was still
quite some time until I would meet my father again. I tried to be as calm as
possible, but just couldn't think of anything else but that. I kept looking at
the clock and time seemed to have slowed down.

I was pacing the same two feet up and down, it was almost time. I kept looking
down the street at every car that came around the corner. Then when I looked up
again I saw this man walking towards me, his arms out wide and I just ran into
them. "DAD!" I shouted. He held me in his arms and just hugged me. We didn't
say a word for almost twenty minutes. He even smelled familiar. When we finally
let go I saw a dark woman standing a few feet from me, next two her a beautiful
girl and a very handsome boy. Shyly I made my way over to them and waved to the
kids, they waved back and had big smiles on their faces.

I walked over to Annie and reached out my hand. "Come here stupid," she said
with a big smile and hugged me. I put my arms around her and cried again. Then
I hugged Tori and James too. "Hi, I'm Laura," I said to them.

"Do you really go to school here?" Tori asked.

I nodded and said "Want to see my room?" Tori nodded heavily and I took her
hand as we made our way back to my room. On the way over Tori and I chatted
about anything, she seemed like a really nice girl. James did his best to look
macho and Tori teased him with it. I never had siblings and this was as close
to real siblings I would ever get. I showed them my room and Tori was totally
mesmerized. She then turned around and said "I'm going to ask for a transfer, I
want to go here too."

Annie laughed and said "Okay dear, just leave Thornton and go here. Start all
over again because they don't have a Medical department here."

"You go to Thornton Medical?" I blurted out, "Really? That was my second
choice."

Tori nodded and said "Freshmen too. It's hard, but I will get there."

"I want to go to Thornton too, not Medical though. Technical. I want to be an
Robot Engineer." James said.

"Wow, Robots," I replied, "Then I will sue your ass for making all my clients
unemployed."

"You can try, baby, you can try." James laughed.

I showed them around campus as we made our way to the back entrance to go into
the park. We sat down on one of the benches and it felt so good to have a
family again, or at least what would become my family. We went to get something
to eat and during that lunch my father said "Now, Pat told me about a little
problem you have. Something about not having wheels."

"She did?" I replied, "Sometimes she doesn't know when to shut up."

My father chuckled "No she doesn't, but that's what we like about her."

"Yes, I've got this job at the restaurant over there. But if I want something
better I need a car and I can't afford one. So I asked Pat if she know how to
help me. I tried to get a loan but nobody wants to help me."

"Ah," my father said, "You know what? I really think you don't need to get a
car. I mean, what do you need a new car for? There are buses, trains, taxis
even Uber could be something. Do you really need one?"

I looked at him and said "Yes dad, I really do."

"Well, okay then. Let me talk to Annie about this and we can see what we can
do. No promises though. I really meant that you don't need a new car."

After that lunch Annie wanted to see some of the sights and we walked back to
the parking lot. They all got into this car and closed the doors before I could
get in. I stood there just dumbfounded and raised my arms. My father rolled
down the window and said "What?"

"Where do I sit?" I asked.

"Well, in your own damn car." he replied.

"I don't have one."

"Oh yes you do, you're standing right next to it. Look behind you."

I turned around and saw this beautiful red Toyota Camry and I just slammed both
my hands against my mouth. They all started to laugh behind me and I just cried
again. My father stepped out and handed me the keys. "Like I said you don't
need a new car, you already got one."

"This is mine?" I stuttered and just stared at the keys in my hands with wide
open eyes.

My father nodded and said "Get in. Try it out."

I unlocked the car and Tori shouted "SHOTGUN!". As I stepped in she sat down
in the passenger seat. I caressed the steering wheel, the dashboard and said
once more "This is mine?". I rolled down the window and my father leaned in.
"This is all yours. All Annie's idea, she chose this one. Did she make the
right choice?" I nodded and said "Thank you. Thank you so much. This is way too
much though. I'm going to pay you back, I promise."

"With that smile you already did," my father said, "Now, it's insured on our
policy. All you have to do is take good care of it and pay for gas. All the
paper work is in the glove compartment."

"It drives like a charm," Tori said, "I drove it here. It's such a nice car."

"Thank you," I said, "I don't know what to say."

"What about 'let's get some ice-cream'?," Annie said, followed by a "Oh no you
don't. This is the girls car now, you go sit with Robert in the boys car. Come
on sister, let's go. I want to see the sights and we've been here for way too
long already."

I turned around to the backseat, reached out to Annie and said "Thank you,
thank you so much. You have no idea what this means to me."

"It's okay, baby. It's a gift from the both of us for graduating and getting
into Milton. It's our honor and seeing you this happy with it is all we want to
see from you. I love you Laura. I will be there for you any time you need me. I
will text you so you have my number. And by the way, did you know I'm a lawyer?
So whenever I can help with school, call me okay?"

"She's a good one too. She just got an innocent man off death row. She fought
for him for over six years."

"Wait a second. Are you _the_ Anisha Brown?" I blurted out.

Annie turned to her daughter and said "Now the penny drops." Tori laughed and
said "Yes, she's _the_ Anisha Brown."

I started the car, put it in drive and we were on our way to see the sights. "I
haven't seen them either," I said as we drove on the freeway to the old town.
The car drove beautifully and I loved it so much. Tori turned on the radio and
began to sing along with the song that was playing, Annie chimed in and I just
couldn't keep quiet. The three of us sang as loud as we could and giggled when
the song was over.

"You have a beautiful voice," Tori said, "You should sing more often."

"Oh I don't know," I replied, "My mother always --"

"Let's not talk about her today," Annie said as she put her hand on my
shoulder, "This is a good day, a fun day." I just nodded and repeated "A fun
day."

After a day long seeing the sights it was time for them to head home. My father
told me they now lived in Tomlinsville, a two hour drive from Fort Dix. "If you
want to come, you are always welcome. Our home is your home too now. Don't be
afraid to call or come by. Please, don't"

"Second that," Annie said as she hugged me, "You know what I said in the car.
Please don't hesitate to call me. About anything."

Later that evening Marisha came home after a long day at work. When I told her
what happened she couldn't wait to see the car. She was totally in awe and
congratulated me. Then she wanted to hear all about my _new_ family and was so
happy for me. We talked until the early hours and she just listened as I told
her everything that had happened in my life. She didn't interrupt me once, she
just listened.

At the end when I was done she just said "I am so sorry that happened to you. I
really am. But look at you now! Your a student at Milton, you have found your
father again and you have a new car. It's looking really good from where I
stand and I couldn't be happier for you."

And she was right. I had made it out, I shouldn't see myself as a victim any
longer, I was a survivor and I made it! That realization would be the biggest
change in my life. From that day onward I stopped feeling sorry for myself, I
stepped into the world with a new resolve. I was going to live and show the
world what I was made off. That night I fell asleep not being scared of the
next morning, but looking forward to it.

### Chapter Three
Having a family now and a car enabled me to get a better paying job at a law
firm. Working there gave me some much needed experience as a law clerk looking
up old cases or news clippings for ongoing cases. The best part of it was they
allowed me to study when things were slow going. I spent many hours in their
library with all the books around me that I ever needed. One of the lawyers
even helped me at times writing briefs for school as well as ongoing cases.

When summer break came around I had passed the first year with good grades and
went to see my father for a week or two. A lot had happened in just over a year
and I had taken the time to process it all, after that first weekend my father
and I had staid in touch but mostly via telephone. Going to visit him would be
the first time we saw each other again and I had told Annie I wanted to spend
some time alone with him, just to reconnect again.

We spent some quality time together and I really felt like I had my father back
when I went home again. We had talked for long hours, really talked. During the
second night I stayed there I had opened up and told him everything that had
happened, he just listened and afterwards he told me he was sorry, that he had
tried to take me with him but my mother had prevented it. He showed me
everything he had done to get me out of there, but every time the judges had
decided in favor of my mother. "It's in the child's interest to stay with the
mother," they had written.

I remembered the days I had to clean the house, make it presentable and had
watched how my mother took all the glory when child services came around to
inspect the house. I had spent days cleaning, doing the dishes and the laundry.
I had hidden all the bottles, just so my mother could present herself as a
good, responsible parent. If I hadn't done so, well you get where I'm getting
at.

"They always announced the visits," I told my father, "and I would be getting
the house ready for inspection while she lay on the couch or her bed drunk as
always. I wish I had done a bad job, maybe then they would have taken me out of
there, but I was just to scared to do so. I wanted so much for her to love me."

He looked at me with sad eyes and said "She did love you, she just showed it in
totally the wrong way. When I still lived there I took the brunt of the abuse
so you would be safe. If I hadn't left --"

"Don't go there dad," I interrupted him, "You did what was best for you. You
tried so hard to get me, I get that now. Thank you so much for trying."

"I just hope you can say those four words again," he said, "but that will come
in time, when you are ready."

"Yeah," I said, "Just not there yet."

As the conversations we had went through my head again, I looked at my phone
and dialed a number. When my father picked up I just said "I love you dad" and
I had tears in my eyes, "I just wanted you to know."

He sighed and said "I love you too pumpkin. Thank you for saying that."

I chuckled and said "Yeah, I was ready sooner than I expected."

"Where are you now? Still driving?"

"Yes, almost there. I just had to call you and let you know."

"I appreciated that darling. I really loved you coming by, so did Annie and the
kids."

"Thanks dad. Well, I'm here now. Parking the car. Thank you for a good two
weeks dad, I had a good time too."

As I walked back to the dorms I felt relieved, like a weight had been lifted
from my shoulders. It was like the world was brighter, for the first time I was
at peace with what had happened in the past. The bridge of the water had
finally been restored and I could walk to the other side.

The hallways of the dorms were all empty as most of the students were
celebrating their summer break, I on the other hand had to work as part of a
legal defense team and we were preparing for a case. Not that I really cared
spending my summer break in an office as I was earning some decent money
working long hours at the firm.

The evening that I arrived Marisha called. "Hey," she said, "Just wanted to
know how you are doing."

"Hey, I'm okay, thanks. Had some good talks with my father and he told me his
side of the story. I think we are getting there, I really do."

"That's so good to hear," she said, "Are you working tomorrow?"

"Yes," I replied, "The case is moving forward and my boss needs some things
researched."

We talked for a while longer and after I just laid down on my bed, it was all
just so silent now. Normally I would hear the chatter of students in the
hallway or some noise coming from outside. But was was more noticeable to me
was the fact that I didn't fear the silence anymore, I wasn't afraid of my
thoughts anymore. I enjoyed the silence and with a smile I fell asleep.

For days we prepared for the case, I researched everything the lawyers wanted
me to do and I found some good things for them. The case was looking real good
when they went to court for the first time, which gave me a good feeling. "You
go enjoy the sun for a day or two," my boss had said, "You've worked long hours
and it's your summer break is it not?" I nodded and he said "Well, go enjoy it.
Go to the beach or something. I will let you know how it's going, okay? Thank
you for all your hard work."

It was the last week of summer break and for the first time I went to the
beach, marveling at the ocean when I saw it. I wandered over the boulevard,
looking at the windows of the shops there, bought a nice summer dress that was
on sale and just enjoyed it all. I was sitting outside a coffee shop with a
nice cold drink and was looking at all the people walking by, when my eyes fell
on a woman with ginormous breasts. "They have to be fake," I thought as I
didn't see them bounce like natural breasts would. But she got a lot of
attention from the men she passed. With my eyes hidden behind sunglasses I
followed her until I couldn't see her anymore.

"How would it feel to have breasts that big?" I thought automatically looking
down at my small mounts. I tried to imagine them being bigger but had a hard
time doing so. I put the thoughts aside and after finishing my drink I strolled
over the boulevard and the pier to look at the ocean. Being from a land-locked
town seeing the open space of water frightened me a little. I leaned against
the balustrade and looked at all the people on the beach below me.

Suddenly I saw that woman again, she was laying on a towel wearing the smallest
of bikinis. Her giant breasts towered over her and I just couldn't stop
staring. In my thoughts I imagined it was me laying there with breasts that
big and I wondered how it would make me feel. It wasn't like my breasts were
the smallest possible, but they weren't that big either. I am just fascinated
by her, she simply doesn't seem to care the amount of stares she's getting.

I watch as she sits up, takes a bottle from her bag and starts to smear the
lotion all over her body. She pays special attention to the mounts on her
chest, that all the men are staring at her didn't bother her at all. It seemed
like she even made it more sensual than it needed to be. "I wouldn't get that
kind of attention if I wanted to," I thought.

The whole way back to the car I couldn't stop thinking about her and when I sat
down in my car I looked down and thought "Come on babies, grow." I giggled as I
started the car and slowly made my way off the parking lot. At the gate I
pushed my card into the machine and watched how the gate opened up for me. I
still had a whole afternoon in front of me and decided to just drive around a
little. "It's time to get to know the city a little bit," I thought.

I drove along the freeway splitting the city in half and got off at an exit
that seemed interesting to me. I had no clue where I was going and soon enough
I knew why I hadn't heard of this part of town before. All the buildings were
old and looked dirty. The longer I drove the more the buildings were
abandoned and boarded up. At some point I turned left at an intersection and
just kept on driving until I saw a strip mall.

The parking lot was half full and I parked my car as close to the shops as I
could. Most of the people there were black and I was just one of the few white
ones there. Not that it made me feel uncomfortable, I just noticed it. There
was a nail salon, a hair salon, a dollar store and some restaurants I had never
heard of before. I went into the dollar store just to see what they had to
offer. At the entrance I grabbed one of the shopping carts and just walked
around. My cart was filled with shower gel, shampoo and some makeup as
everything was so cheap. "Can't hurt to try," I thought.

I turned around the corner in the back when my eyes fell on all kinds of things
for my hair like extensions, clips and brushes. I read the instructions for the
extensions and thought it too difficult for me to even try. I walked on and
grabbed some makeup accessories I saw hanging from a rack. The isles were
simply filled with everything you might need and everything was so cheap. "It
can't be good quality," I thought, "Not for these prices."

The isles were setup in such a way that when I kept walking I had to return to
the front of the store where the cash registers were. All along the back wall
they had clothes for sale. My eyes fell on a pack of three mini-skirts and I
got a pack with colors I liked. I had never had skirts that short before, but
these were so cheap I couldn't resist getting a pack or two. Then I saw some
nice shirts too. As I passed the bras I got myself a pack of three in my size
and one way bigger than I needed. I had an idea and wanted to try it out.

On the way back to the register my eyes fell on what they called _boob shirts_,
shirts so short they would show the lower part of your boobs if they were big
enough. One of them was pink with the word _slut_ printed on it with all
capital letters. A white one had the word _whore_ and a red one had _daddy's
girl_ printed on it. They were just five dollars a piece and I grabbed all
three of them.

Just before I reached the register they had high heels on sale as they were
going out of stock. They still had two pairs in my size and because the were
70 percent off I grabbed them both. One was four inches high the other six. At
the register I was amazed by how little I had to pay for it all, just over 50
dollars and with two bags filled with goods I left the store. Back at my car I
put the bags in the back and got in. 

As I drove to leave the lot my eyes fell on a store where the windows were
painted all black, but for the golden letters spelling the name of the shop.
_The Silver Rose_ it was called and underneath the name in white letters it
read _Adult Store_. It was a sex shop I realized and slowly passed it by. The
door was open but the entrance to the store was blocked by a curtain it seemed.
"Huh," I thought and shrugged it off.

My navigation guided me back to the dorms and when I walked in the guard saw me
with all the bags and said "Did some shopping?" I laughed and said "You know
how us girls are, don't you?" He scuffed and said "You should talk with my wife
someday, she can't get enough of it." I chuckled and stepped into the elevator.

Once back in my room I took everything out of the bags and laid them on my bed.
When everything was laid out I just looked at my haul. I got the shoes out of
the box and placed them on a good spot. I then rearranged everything else and
took out my phone to take a picture of the display. I then sat down on my chair
and posted the photo to my social media. "Went for a drive today and found this
amazing dollar store. This is my haul for today and spent just over 50 dollars.
AMAZING!" I typed to go with the photo.

On the photo was everything but the boob shirts, I had left them out as I
thought them too offensive to post. I had never been really active on social
media but now I really wanted to embrace it. I had closed a book and had
started a new one and posting to social media could be a big part of it, I just
had to find out how to use it properly. Within a few minutes there was a
reaction posted. It was from Marisha and it read "Wow, take me to that place
one day!" She had liked the post and ended the text with a smiley face.

I smiled as I read her post, then undressed and got one of the mini-skirts from
the pack. I looked at myself in the long mirror we had stuck to the side of one
of the wardrobes and I smiled when I saw how it accented my hips. I then
grabbed the pink boob shirt and put it on. On a whim I grabbed my phone and
made a selfie in the mirror. When I saw the photo and saw the word _slut_
printed on my chest I just had to giggle. I was missing something, but didn't
really know what.

The shirt was short and my belly button was visible, but it wasn't as sexy as I
had hoped it would be. Then I remembered those big bras I had bought. I took
the shirt off and the bra I was wearing. After I had put one of the big ones on
I filled the cups with some neatly folded shirts and made sure it wasn't very
lumpy. Then I put that _slut_ shirt back on and when I looked in the mirror
again it looked way better I thought. Now bottom part of the shirt didn't touch
by belly anymore, there was a gap. I took another selfie and really liked what
I saw on there. "I want bigger boobs," I thought, laid down my phone and opened
my laptop.

After a search I found a private clinic in town and looked up the prices. I
gasped when I saw them, they started at 2,000 dollars. Way too much for me. I
bookmarked the site and searched for cheaper options, there were possibilities
outside of the country. Then I read all the warnings against going there, I
read some real horror stories and decided to never do that. If I was going to
get bigger boobs then it was to be done somewhere I could trust.

When I got thirsty I walked to the central hall where the elevators where.
Across from them there were two coffee machines, I placed my ID against the
sensor and typed the code for a latte. It was the only thing I thought was
drinkable and when it was ready I walked back to my room. As I stepped inside I
saw myself in the mirror and realized I still wore that mini-skirt, that shirt
with the word _slut_ on it and the bra filled with shirts. I hadn't even
thought about changing before I went outside of my room.

I just had to giggle when I realized what I had just done. What if someone had
seen me? I felt a rush of adrenaline through my veins which made me giggle even
harder. I sat down at my desk and thought about what just happened. It felt so
exciting and I wanted to do it again. I took a few sips from my coffee,
grabbed the pair of four inch heels and when I was done I took a deep breath
before I opened the door.

The clacking of my heels echoed through the empty hallway and I walked all the
way to the elevators and back to my room. As I stood there I turned around
again and repeated the walk one more time. This time I swayed my hips a little
more with every step I took. It made me feel so sexy, so feminine and I just
loved it. I had never been that way, I always wore clothes that covered my
curves and now here I was in heels, a mini-skirt and a _slut_ shirt. I just
loved the way it made me feel and when I was back at my door I stepped in
changed into something else.

This time when I stepped out I wore a different color mini-skirt, the _whore_
shirt and the six inch heels. They made me feel even better and I just loved
hearing the clacking of my shoes. When I reached the elevators I kept on
walking, all the way down the other hallway. I didn't know if anyone was home
but I kept on walking anyway. Just the risk of getting caught like this was too
exciting and it gave me a good rush. When I finally was back in my room I
started to giggle uncontrollably and I was sure of one thing: I wanted, no
needed, bigger boobs.

I didn't change my last outfit but sat down at my computer and opened up a new
document. "How to get bigger boobs," I wrote as the title. I thought of
different ways I could finance such an operation. I didn't care if they were
legal or not, I was just brainstorming. When I looked over the list my eyes
were glued to one option in particular: Prostitution. I couldn't believe
I had actually written it down, next to options as talk to the bank, ask my
father and saving up.

I sat there for a moment debating whether I should change some things. "Well,"
I thought, "Prostitution is just as unlikely as asking my father for help." and
I didn't change anything about the document. When I looked it over once more I
just had to giggle as I had written it up as a legal document, with a preface,
a declaration and then a list of resources including a link to the site of the
private clinic and all the prices I had found on there.

Then I got up, undressed and put on my robe. With a towel and my toiletries in
hand I walked to the girls bathroom and took a shower. I had taken the new
bottle of shower gel with me and it smelled nice. I soaped my body with the
sponge I had bought from the same store and started to sing softly. When I
soaped my private parts I felt a sensation roll through my body and softly
touched my clit. I leaned against the cold wall and rubbed it some more. I kept
masturbating until I came and my knees almost buckled. When I came to my senses
again I listened if anyone had heard me and finished showering.

Back in my room I dried my hair with a blow dryer as I was brushing it, then I
went to bed after putting away all my new clothes and shoes. The other things I
placed in my locker and when my head hit my pillow I dreamed about having
larger breasts and all the attention they would give me.

The next morning when I woke up I looked out the window and it promised to be
another fine day. I brushed my teeth in the small sink next to the door and
went over to the machines to get myself a cup of coffee. As I walked back I
thought of another way to be able to save up, it was to get another job. One
that paid better or maybe one that would earn me more in tips. Sure working at
the firm was fine and all, but in total I earned just about 200 more than in my
previous job.

I opened my laptop and searched online for opportunities but couldn't really
find one that I liked. Most of them were in a factory or the sorts and that
wasn't something I was looking forward too. I would do it if there absolutely
was no other way to accomplish my goal of getting bigger breasts, because I was
sure of one thing: these A-cups weren't going to be A's for much longer. I had
set my goal on D or maybe even double-D.

I had just one more day alone before Marisha would return and I had to make the
most of it. I just wasn't ready to let her in on it. Doing as much would mean I
had to let her in even more than I had already done and this was just too
personal. I fully well realized I had to at some point, but not just yet. Same
was true for my family, I couldn't just show up with bigger boobs, could I? No,
at some point I had to tell them too what I wanted to do.

I got dressed and stepped out the door. With even bigger _boobs_ than the day
before underneath shirt with the words _Daddy's Girl_ in it. My six inch heels
echoed through the hallway and I stood provocatively in front of the elevators
for a moment. Then I pressed the button and went down to the second floor. Got
out and walked the hallway to the other side and back again. After doing the
same on the third floor I arrived on the fourth. I turned right and walked all
the way to the other side. Stood there for a moment and started to walk back to
my room. Just as I opened the door I heard the elevator doors open and I jumped
inside quickly.

I listened carefully and heard footsteps coming closer. I quickly undressed,
threw everything on my bed and covered them with my duvet. Then I put my robe
on and started to brush my hair just as there was a knock on my door. With my
heart throbbing I opened it and there was a security guard standing outside my
door. "Sorry Miss," she said, "Did you see someone or hear someone walking up
and down the hallways?"

My heart skipped a beat. I had totally forgotten about the camera's. "No", I
replied, "Just woke up though."

"Hm, I was sure she was getting in this room," she replied, "If you see her
remind her that it's not appropriate to do so. I will leave it with a warning
this time, just let her know please." I was sure she winked as she turned
around and walked away. There was a chance she knew it was me and when I closed
the door I just had to giggle.

When I walked outside an hour later the guard looked up and said "Better. Have
a nice day, miss". She chuckled and went back to what she was doing. Now I was
sure she had seen me and I softly giggled. "Darn security cameras", I thought.
Then I realized the guard from yesterday might have seen me too, which made me
giggle even more.

As I drove back to the beach I realized how far I had come. Only a year ago I
would just have laid down on my bed with a good book and now I was going to the
beach for the second day in a row. This time I had put on a bikini with the
intention of catching some sun. But as I drove towards the beach I decided
against it took the next exit off the freeway and turned around.

Half an hour later I was back at that strip mall and this time I had parked
close to _the Silver Rose_, but the door was closed and a sign told me as much
too. I was just too far away to see the opening hours and with my heart beating
faster I got out my car, walked passed it and glanced at the small sigh in the
window. "Open every day from 1PM to 3AM" it read and it was half past 10 at the
time. I kept on walking and entered the pet store next door. I acted like I was
looking for something when I passed the section with dog collars. On a whim I
got two of them, both pink and one with a bone hanger the other one with a
heart.

When I was back in my car I tried the one with the heart to see if it would fit
me and I was more than happy to see that it would, all it needed was another
hole in the leather so it would fit snugly around my neck. I started the car
after I had found a hardware store on my phone and on the directions of my
navigation it wasn't heard to find. I asked where I could find tool to make
holes in leather and the boy told me where to find them. Minutes later I got
back in my car and put the new tool in the bag with the collars.

For the rest of the day I just drove around aimlessly, I just wanted to learn
how to get from where I was to the dorms again without the help of my
navigation. I came across a nice small diner and sat down to eat some lunch.
The waitress was really nice and told me where I could find something to do as
she thought I was a tourist or something. I thanked her for her kind help and
left her a nice tip.

While I was trying to get back to the freeway I saw a sign along the road.
"Girls wanted" it read and it was from a place called _Blue Donkey Bar_, I
turned right onto a parking lot and parked across from the bar. It wasn't open
yet, but I made a note in my phone of the address and the phone-number. Then I
just drove away. It took me another half an hour before I finally reached the
freeway again and this time I did go to the beach.

After buying some sunblock I laid down on a beach chair, smeared myself with
sunblock and laid down to get some rest. The sun felt so good on my skin and I
just enjoyed listening to all the sounds around me. Three hours later I could
feel the sunburn on my skin and decided it was time to go home again. On my way
home I got myself a bottle of aloe vera so I could apply some when needed.

That evening I treated myself on a pizza and sat down at my laptop. I looked up
the bar that was looking for girls and when I saw what kind of bar it was I had
to gasp a little. On the front page was the owner surrounded by girls wearing a
very tight tank top with heavy makeup and on high heels. "Our girls will make
sure you have the best time possible," it read.

"Maybe this is a way to get what I want," I thought, "at least I won't be in a
stuffy office no more." The bar was open and without really thinking it through
I dialed the number on my screen. "Blue Donkey, how can I help you," a male
voice said on the other side.

"Yes, hi. My name is Laura and I saw your sign today. Are you still looking for
people?"

"Yes, we are actually. But we don't have full time available, just some
part-time offers. Are you interested?"

"Maybe," I replied, "I don't know what to make of it yet."

"Why don't you come by tonight?", he said, "We're open until 2AM. Just ask for
Tony, that's me."

"Maybe I will," I replied, "But I'm not 21 yet, is that a problem?"

"Not if you're working here," he replied, "Just tell the doorman that your
coming for me, to apply for a job. He'll let you in then."

"I will see," I replied, "If I don't than you will know enough."

"I sure will, thank for calling."

As I finished my pizza I thought really hard about going or not. "This isn't a
good idea," I told myself but ten minutes later I was taking a shower, brushing
my hair dry and changing into something nice. For fun I wore my four inch heels
and I walked down the hallway towards the elevators. Multiple times I wanted to
just go back to my room but I didn't. As I passed the guard I waved, walked
towards my car and got in. Thirty minutes later I was parked across from the
bar and just sat there for a moment or two, then got out and told the man
standing at the door I was there to see Tony for a job. He let me in and told
me not to drink any alcohol. "I won't" I replied with a smile.

It was my first time in a bar at all and this one was something. The walls were
a deep shade of red and the girls were really wearing the tightest of tank
tops, their boobs almost falling out. I made my way over to the bar and asked
for Tony. "That's me," the man said, "Did you call earlier? Laura, was it?" I
nodded and he shouted for someone to take over the bar.

We sat down at a table in the back and we started to talk. "So, you might want
to work here," he said.

I nodded and said "I've been a waitress before, mostly at restaurants, never
something like this though."

"I wouldn't think so," he laughed, "Look, we ask our girls to dress nicely, a
little provocatively, but there is absolutely no touching the girls. We're not
a strip joint. Anyone who touches the girls gets a warning and gets thrown
out. Three warnings and they're banned from ever returning. John, the guy at
the door, used to be a marine and he never forgets faces. We're a nice bar and
the people who come her want to have a good time."

"I can see that. It's nice," I replied, "not that I have any experience with
bars, but this feels nice."

"Thanks," he laughed, "So, if you decide to apply we will make an appointment
so we can see how you can hold a tray of beer while in heels. If we hire you
the wage is 10 dollars an hour, 15 after midnight. You can keep all the tips
you get and if you do well you can go home with a lot. Daisy over there works
for three days a week and she earns more than she did as a nurse. She has three
kids to feed and with this job she has more than enough time to be with them
too."

"How soon will I have to decide?"

"Ah, that sign is up all the time. So no hurry. But I think you would fit in
nicely, you have a nice face and a good enough figure. But most off all you are
kind and friendly, that's something we are looking for." he replied.

I thanked him for the info and made my way out of the bar. As I passed John he
asked "And, joining us?"

"I don't know yet," I replied, "I might. I have to think for a while longer."

"You do that."

I got back in my car and saw it was just after 11 at night. I started my car
and made my way over to that strip mall. When I arrived I parked my car close
to _the Silver Rose_ and with my heard beating as fast as it could I stepped
inside. The girl behind the counter didn't even look up and I looked around at
everything they had to offer. They offered sexy clothes, books and videos in
the front. I walked through a doorway and gasped when I saw all the sex toys on
the selves. From vibrators to dildos in all sizes. I pretended to look down at
something when a man came out of a door in the corner.

I looked over my shoulder and saw a sign over the door, "Movie Theater, 10
dollars. Tickets in the front." it read. Next to the door was another one with
a sign on the door stating "Women only! Entrance Free!". My curiosity was
peaked and when I was sure nobody saw me I sneaked in. There was a long hallway
leading up to a small room. Through a window I could see the movie playing and
with red ears I watched how a woman was sucking a huge cock.

In the walls were some holes and a switch was mounted on the wall with the
window. "Put the switch on _IN_ to indicate you are available" a sign read.
Then I noticed the small stickers on the switch, the top one read "OUT" and the
bottom one "IN". A light above it was shining red. I had no clue what this was
all about and with a trembling hand I turned over the switch. The light turned
green and I just waited what was about to happen.

At first nothing really happened and I was about to turn over that switch again
when all of a sudden some guy presented his lid through one of the holes.
Seeing that dick really made me excited and I carefully took it in my hand. I
giggled as I felt it swell in my hand and when it was hard I knelt down to lick
it. On an urge I took it in my mouth and sucked him until he came all over my
face. As I licked his cock clean he presented a twenty dollar bill and I
thanked him.

Then within seconds another cock presented itself and I sucked that one
too. I turned over the switch when I had four loads of cum on my face and I
giggled as I pulled out some clean wipes from the box standing in a corner.
When I was all cleaned up I left that booth as quickly as I could and made my
way to the car as fast as I could. In total the men had given me 70 dollars!

When I got home just after midnight I couldn't believe what I had just done and
I just stared at the four bills laying on my desk. I reached for a box on my
desk and put the money in it. "That's the easiest money I have ever earned," I
thought to myself. I could still taste the cum and brushed my teeth just before
I went to bed.

The next day loads of students came back including Marisha. I was happy to see
her again and we talked for hours. She told me all about her summer break and I
told most of mine. I left out the parts of wanting bigger breasts and what I
had done the night before. I did however tell her about the bar and me thinking
about working there. "I can make a lot more money than working at the firm," I
said, "and it looks way more fun."

"Wait," Marisha said, "Is this the same Laura that I left before summer break.
Something has changed here."

"Yeah," I said, "I had a good talk with my father and we're getting there. Most
of all I've decided to not let my past color my future anymore. I want to try
living again."

"Good for you girl. That's the spirit."

Later that day I called the bar and made an appointment to see if they wanted
to hire me. It felt good taking the reigns in my own hands. Three hours later I
was waling through an empty bar in heels holding a tray of beer glasses filled
with water. Daisy, the woman from the other night, showed me how to do it and
after a couple of tries I got the hang of it. "She will get the hang of it",
Daisy said to Tony, "She will make some mistakes, but so did I when I first
started." When I left the bar I did so with a job and I called the firm that I
wouldn't be coming back.

When my boss asked why I said "You promised to keep me posted about the case.
You never did. So I thought I wasn't that important and I got another offer
that's more interesting to me."

"Not at another firm I hope? Because that would be a problem." he replied.

"No not at another firm. Not at all." I replied and it felt good to quit. In
the past I would never have done such a thing, I would have been to scared of
what they might think of me. Even when I was miserable I would have stayed
nonetheless. Marisha congratulated me when I told her I had gotten the job at
the bar and told her that I could only work until midnight because of my age, I
was almost 19 at the time.

Combining my new job with school was a hassle at first, but when I told Tony
where I was going to school he was more than happy to meet me halfway and I
could schedule working there around anything I had to do for school. Within
weeks I had found a good rhythm and even enjoyed working at the bar. The girls
were very nice and helped me doing my hair and makeup before work started. The
guests were always nice and friendly. Of course there were the occasional jerks
but I learned quickly how to deal with them.

In the first weeks I hardly made any tips, but after some guidance from the
other girls that improved too. "Let them put it in your top," one said, "That
really helps me a lot." The first time I let them do it it felt uncomfortable,
but as with anything I got used to it and it even started to feel nice. Just as
the other girls I kept the bills hanging from my top and my waist as it would
generate even more tips.

It was on a Saturday that I worked from opening til midnight when I had to stop
working. When I went to the back I pulled out all the bills from my top and
waist. I had made a total of just over 100 dollars, the most I had made
thus far. I changed into my regular clothes, but kept the makeup as it was. I
went over to the bar, asked for a soda and Tony paid me for the hours I had
worked. In total I had earned 175 dollars, for just seven hours of work. More
than I had ever made working for that firm.

I wave goodbye to all the girls and waved to John as I stepped outside. My car
was parked nearby and as always John walked with me to make sure nothing bad
would happen. He did that with all the girls who worked there. "Thank you
John, have a good night." I said as I got in. I started the car and as I drove
home I felt an urge and turned right at the next intersection.

Almost 45 minutes later I parked in front of _the Silver Rose_ and made my way
to the back again. Slipped inside that door and as I entered that small room, I
undressed before I turned the switch. Through the window I saw a lot of men
sitting in the theater and it didn't take long for the first one to present
himself. I licked his hard cock and sucked him until he unloaded all over my
face, the next one presented himself on the other side and I did the same to
him only this time he covered my boobs.

One after the other came and when I saw this big black cock through a hole I
giggled. I took it in as best I could, then on another urge I took a condom
from the strip hanging from the wall and put it on him. Then I turned my back
to him and guided him inside me. "Oh my God," I panted as I felt him stretch me
out. I had to breath a few times to relax and take it in all the way. Slowly he
started to slide in and out and I rubbed my clit as hard as I could. "Oh my
God," I panted, "I'm coming on that big cock of yours!" When I felt him almost
coming I knelt down, took off the condom sucked him until he exploded his cum
all over my chest and face.

In total I sucked and fucked twelve cocks that night and left that stall with
another 220 dollars in tips. I sat down in my car feeling totally satisfied and
went back home. Marisha was already asleep and as quietly as I could I put the
money in that box, brushed my teeth and went to sleep.

During the next few weeks I went back to that boot a couple of times more and
on one night I just didn't want that wall between me and them. I opened the
door to the theater and stepped inside totally naked. I sat down on one of the
benches close to some men, spread my legs and started to masturbate. When one
of the men walked up to me with his dick out I handed him a condom and then let
him fuck me. He pulled out at the last moment and pulled off the raincoat. He
ejaculated all over my body and within a few seconds another guy took pushed
his dick inside my wet cunt. In total I fucked over 14 men that night and left
with over 350 dollars in tips.

When I drove home that night I knew I had found what I wanted to do and it had
nothing to do with law. I loved being the object of pure lust and I was amazed
by how much money I could make that way. In total I had been in that theater
for just under three hours and the best thing of it all was it was so
satisfying to do. I had multiple orgasms just by realizing I didn't know any of
the men there, yet I let them fuck my brains out. It was so exhilarating, such
a rush.

In total there was around 1,400 dollars in that box now, just another 750 to go
and I could make an appointment at that clinic. In order to do so I had to come
clean with the people closest to me. It was time to tell them what I wanted to
do and maybe even why. What I wasn't prepared to do was tell them how I had
made all that money, they would never understand or agree with it.

My father had invited me to come over to celebrate my birthday and I was
undecided whether I wanted to tell him that day. When I arrived I knew there
was no way that I could, they were all there to celebrate and I didn't want to
ruin the day. After about an hour the doorbell rang and Annie said "Who can
that be? Everyone is here already." She went to open the door and came back
shortly after followed by Aunt Pat. I jumped up and ran into her arms.

"This is nice," she said, "thank you and congratulations on your birthday.
Didn't expect me now, did you?" I shook my head and took her hand to guide her
in. "Everybody this is my aunt Pat, Pat this is everybody." She shook some
hands and then hugged my father "Thank you for inviting me," she said. Then the
doorbell rang again and I was so confused as everybody I knew was there now.
Tori opened the door and shortly after I saw Marisha walk in "Marisha?" I said
not believing my eyes.

She opened her arms and I ran up to her. "You are here?" I blurted out, "You
are really here. Come." I introduced her to everyone and when it was time to
introduce my father Marisha said "We talked on the phone, thank you so much for
inviting me. I really appreciate it."

"Can't have a party without my daughters friend now, can we?" he replied with a
laugh. We all sat down in the backyard and had a lovely day together. It was
around four in the afternoon when Pat and Marisha had to go.

"Thank you so much for coming," I said as I hugged them both and I waved to
them until I couldn't see them anymore. Annie came out and hugged me. "They are
good friends," she said followed by "What's on your mind? I can see there's
something you want to tell us. Just let it out and you will feel better, I
promise."

We sat down on the bench in front of the house. It was so beautiful and quiet
there. Just as we sat down Annie said "One moment." She got up, walked inside
and a few minutes later she returned. "Just told the others we are having a
moment and are not to be disturbed. I'm all yours now. What is it? What is
weighing on you?"

"It's just -- everything is so good now. I can't believe this is real. It's
been so hard for so long and I'm just scared it will all go away or it's all
just a dream and I'm back in that house again." I said, "I really thought I was
over it, but it all came back today. I did my best to hide it and I did love
all of it, I really did. But I felt scared too."

"Okay," she said after a moment of silence, "That's perfectly normal. We all
have our luggage to carry. We all made dumb choices, we all have our scars to
live with. There are nights I wake up screaming, scared of the one lying next
to me in bed. I too have my flashbacks and I understand it. Don't be scared of
it, just tell one of us that's how you are feeling. We all will understand,
especially your father."

"You think so?"

"Yes, if he can understand me he can understand you too. My ex shot me, right
here in my shoulder. He wanted to kill me and if I hadn't ducked he probably
would have. It's that gun that I see in my dreams, that flash, that bang. But
as time progresses the times that I do dream about it grow less and less. The
more I talk about it the easier it gets. It will never go away, but I can live
with it now. I can even be happy again. And you can too, just allow yourself to
be happy."

"I'm trying, but I'm scared I might go the wrong way."

"What do you mean _the wrong way_?"

"Well, I'm not happy with the way I am. I've been thinking about something,
something drastic."

"Like what?"

"Like getting something done."

"Like surgery? What?"

"Yes, like bigger boobs. I always wanted bigger boobs."

Annie burst into laughter and said "Is that all? Girl if you want bigger boobs
than go get them. You won't hear me stop you."

"Really? What about dad?"

"Oh, he might have a problem with it, but that's because he's your dad. It's a
good thing you told me first. I can make him support you. But let me ask you
one question how will you pay for it?"

"Well, I found this clinic and they offer payment schemes. 100 dollars a month
until it's all payed for. They don't even take interest. Here let me show you."
I pulled out my phone and opened up the site. When I found what I was looking
for I showed it to Annie.

"Wow," she said after reading it, "that does look good. Just one thing. After
we've talked to your father about this and you've made that first appointment I
am coming with you. I want to see that contract and read it first before you
sign anything. Is that a deal?"

I smiled and said yes because I knew there wasn't any other way out of it and I
just hugged her. "I wish you were my real mother," I whispered, "I love you
mom." It was out before I knew it and I quickly apologized. Annie hugged me
even harder and said "Never ever apologize for that. If you want to call me
that, it's fine by me. Just call me whatever is comfortable to you. But it did
feel really nice when you said it, I have to admit."

"It felt nice to me too," I looked up into her brown eyes and said "It felt
really good MOM." I chuckled when I saw tears in her eyes.

"Oh sweetie," she said as she held me in her arms, "You sure know how to make
an old woman feel good."

We went inside again and Annie asked her children to leave us alone for a
minute. "Laura needs some time with her father and it's best if I stay. Just
go outside and wait for us." When they were gone Annie turned to my father and
said "Laura has two things to tell you. The first one is about me." She nodded
to me and I took a deep breath.

"Just now, when we were talking I called Annie mom by accident. But that's how
I feel about her. She's my step-mom I know, but she feels like a mother to me.
I hope you don't mind if I start calling her that."

My father leaned forward and said "I was hoping someday you would. If Annie
doesn't mind, then why should I?"

I smiled and took another deep breath, it was time to talk to my father about
some really personal stuff and it just wasn't easy. I looked at Annie and she
nodded as to give me some courage. I took another deep breath and said "The
other thing is a little more personal. I've been thinking about something for
some time now, something I've been wanting for a long time but never got around
to really think about. During the past few months I came to realize I'm not
happy with how I look. I want to have something done and I've found a good
clinic where they can do it. It's perfectly safe and I would only have to stay
for a day."

"And what would that be?" my father asked. I could see he was anxious about the
answer.

"Well, I want to get implants." There I had said it, it was out in the open and
all I could do was bite my lip and wait for my father to react. He looked at me
with a look on his face that I couldn't place. I totally couldn't read it and
he was quiet for a long time. And just as Annie wanted to say something he held
up his hand to tell her to be quiet.

"Implants? Like breast implants or what?"

"Yes, breast implants. They are perfectly safe now, saline based instead of
silicone. They have these new ones that make your boobs look all natural and
they feel that way too. Because the inflate them after, it's just a small cut
underneath your arm, hardly visible at all. Then they inject the saline until
they are inflated. After a week you come back and they inject some more until
they are the size you want."

"Okay and why would you want that? You are beautiful as you are."

"Thanks, but you're my dad. You are supposed to see me that way. But whenever I
look in the mirror something just isn't right. I can't really explain it."

"And you will never understand," Annie butted in, "Because you're not a woman.
If she feels that way than we should support her. How can she ever be truly
happy if that's holding her back?"

"But why bigger ones?" my father uttered.

"Why did you want that new car? To make yourself feel better, wasn't it? There
was nothing wrong with the old one. You just wanted a new one to make you feel
better. Well, this is almost the same thing. She needs this to feel better
about herself. And it's not that you can stop her, she's an adult now. Just be
happy that she told you at all."

My father sighed and said "Sometimes I hate being married to a lawyer." And I
chuckled. He looked at me with his loving eyes and said "Thank you for telling
me. Annie is right I couldn't stop you if I wanted to. Just be careful, it's
still surgery."

"Who's getting surgery?" Tori's voice sounded from the doorway. I looked up and
said "I am. Come sit down and please ask James to come too."

A minute later the both of them sat down across from me, I took their hands and
said "First of all I want to tell you that I see your mother as mine too. And I
wanted to know whether anyone of you would mind if I started to call her mom."

They both shook their head and Tori said "Can I call you my sister then?" I
said yes and she hugged me hard. "I love you sis," she whispered in my ear.
Then came the hardest part. I told them about what I wanted to do and James
felt really uncomfortable which made me laugh. He got up and said "I don't want
to hear this. I don't want to know about my sisters breasts, that's just
gross." and he stormed out.

Tori chuckled and said "I guess he's okay with it and so am I. If you need that
to make you feel better, then I will support you. If you want me to I am
willing to come with you. You're my sister now and I will always support my
sister, in anything." She made me cry and hugged me.

"You don't know how happy that makes me," I whispered as I held her. We held
each other for a few minutes and then I said "You have to tell me what perfume
you are wearing, it's so nice. I want it too." Tori let go, took my hand and
pulled me up.

"Come," she said and pulled me upstairs to her room. On a vanity I saw
thousands of brushes, pencils and knickknacks. On a shelf she had over twenty
bottles of perfume. It was the ultimate girly room and I loved it. She showed
me one of the bottles and said "This one. But this one is also very nice. This
I got from my mother, it so expensive I use it only once or twice a year." She
kept showing me bottle after bottle and I knew if I ever wanted advice about
makeup or perfume Tori was the one to ask.

The next morning I woke up looking straight into the face of some pop singer
and heard Tori breathing in her bed. I got up quietly and went over to the
bathroom. Without really thinking about it I opened the door and almost
screamed when I saw Annie standing there. "Close the door," she whispered,
"Close it already." I took a step backwards but she gestured for me to come
inside and I closed the door behind me.

She stood there totally naked and continued what she was doing. I really didn't
know what to do, but I really had to go so awkwardly I sat down on the toilet.
I felt awkward as I peed but Annie didn't seem to care at all. She just put up
her hair and stepped into the shower. When the water fell down on her she said
"Are you coming in or what?" I blushed and she said "Come on, it's perfectly
normal for a mother to shower with her daughter. Let's call it a bonding
thing."

I awkwardly took off my nightgown and my panties and stepped into the shower.
She closed the door and we took turns standing under the water stream. I wet my
hair as I stood there and she picked up a sponge to soap my body. "Turn
around," she said when my back was done and she soaped my front too. When she
reached my breasts I felt a sensation go through my body. We stared at each
other and she dropped the sponge, softly massaging my breasts with her hands.

Slowly she bent over and kissed my nipples. I moaned softly and placed my hand
on the back of my head. When her right hand went down I lifted my leg and felt
her finger along my labia. She then wriggled it between the lips and I moaned a
little harder. She then stood up and I took her large breasts in my hands. As I
was sucking on her nipples the door opened and Tori stepped in too. She made
her self wet and then started to suck on the other breast.

We enjoyed each others bodies for a while, then got out of the shower, dried
ourselves and went into Tori's room. There we ended up on the mattress I had
slept on. I liked Annie's clit and Tori was sucking mine. Annie tasted so good
and I was totally gone from this world. All I felt was that tongue against my
clit, when all of a sudden I felt two hands on my hips and something entering
my fully wet pussy. I looked over my shoulder and gasped when I saw James
behind me. His mother rose up, took his head in her hands and said "Yes, son
fuck your sister. Make her feel a real man." Then the door opened once more and
my father stepped in. He took off his clothes and spread Tori's legs. I watched
as he pushed his rod deep inside that pussy.

Hearing all these sounds of sex around me really turned me on and when James
finally pulled out I turned on my back, guiding my father inside me as he got
on top of me. I watched how Annie did the same with her own son. "Oh yes
daddy," I panted, "Fuck me. Fuck me hard." I came multiple times on my fathers
cock as I was licking Tori's pussy on top of me. I thought I went crazy with
lust as we all had sex with each other. My father and James came all over my
body and I smeared their cum all over my little breasts.

After another shower I walked downstairs and everybody was sitting at the
breakfast table. We had a lovely breakfast and as I was doing the dishes my
father stood behind me, lifted up my skirt and I arced my back for him. He
fucked me hard as I was doing the dishes. "Oh yes," I panted, "Fuck me, fuck
this slut of a daughter. I love being fucked so much, daddy. I really do."

He panted and when I felt him throb I said "Don't pull out daddy, come inside
me. Come inside my pussy." He exploded deep inside me and I could feel his cum
enter my vagina, just that feeling pulled me over the edge and I orgasmed so
hard I just had to scream. Annie came rushing in and when she saw my father
pull out of me she just laughed and said "You could have warned me."

But I still wasn't satisfied, with my fathers cum dripping out of my I walked
to the living room and straddled James. I pulled his cock out and when it was
hard I sat down on him. I rode him until he was about to come too, I just kept
riding until just couldn't hold it no more. He planted his seed next to my
fathers and I had another orgasm. As I got of off him I rolled on my back with
my legs in the air, I wanted all that cum to seep deep inside me, I wanted it
all.

Later that afternoon when I drove home I giggled as I felt their cum slowly
seep out of me. This was a real family, I thought and smiled all the way home.


