# My Dirty Little Secret
_a series of erotic tales by Transgirl_

## Seditio

### Prologue
People say the older you get the wiser you become. I might be the exception to
that saying. I started to rebel at a late age, after puberty I mean, and I
really never stopped after I realized the freedom it gave me. In some ways I
still rebel against the norms of society. Mainly because I think it's not
societies job to tell me what I can and cannot do as long as I don't harm
anyone with what I am doing. Sure I have made mistakes, but the goal of
mistakes is to learn from them and doing your utmost not to make those mistakes
again. At least that's my opinion.

For a long time I've been struggling whether or not I should write down the
story of my life. People kept saying that I should but I never felt quite ready
and I'm not much of a writer. Using a ghost-writer seemed so _ingenious_. If I
wanted to share it I should write it myself, I always told myself. So here I am
sitting in my office, staring at a screen writing it all down.

I will try to make this as structured as I can, starting with my childhood and
ending where I am today, who I am today. It's been a life with ups and downs,
as with every person on this planet, but mine could be a bit more _extreme_ so
to say. Like ever other person I have my regrets, things I shouldn't have done,
but all in all it has led to an interesting experience. According to everybody
who knows I have truly lived and enjoyed my life.

Oh my, this all sounds very depressing. Just to be clear I'm in no way ending
my life, I still enjoy it way to much. Even in the dawn of my life I love
living and really don't want it to stop ever.

There is just one disclaimer in all of this. As I said I don't want to hurt
anyone in my past and current life, so I will not be using real names of either
persons or places. If you ever crossed my path you know who you are and that's
enough for me. Neither will I give any person the job they have or had, I care
about most of the people who were or still are in my life and I want to protect
them in any way I can.

With that all being said, let's just start at the beginning.

### Chapter One
Milton Grove is a small town in the mid-west. To the north are the mountains,
with _Milton's Peak_ towering high above the rest. To the west you will find
_Lake Savage_, a wide expanse of water with depths to over 200 feet. The name
derives from a rough translation from how the tribes called it and it surely
fits. Many have perished underestimating the waters and how _savage_ the
weather can be on the lake.

To the east and south farmers crow their crops for miles and miles, as far as
the eye can see fields of waving corn, grains or other crops are waving in the
near endless winds. Through those fields runs a simple road, only two lanes to
and from Milton Grove, ultimately disappearing as it meanders through the
mountains to the north.

In the middle of town was where we lived. My father ran the local store and my
mother was a teacher at the only school in town. The school not only provided
an education to the children, it was also home to the only sports team we had.
_The Milton Wildcats_ never were a good team, but the year I will start my
story they had almost made it to the state playoffs. All of Milton was covered
in banners to support _our_ team.

My father was hanging one of those banners over the entrance of the store, I
sat on the side-walk looking up at him. I couldn't have been older than six or
seven at the time, but those are some of my earliest memories. The sun was
blazing and I couldn't have been happier as my father had given me my favorite
Popsicle, the cold treat was more than welcome.

As with every little girl my father was my hero and I was amazed by how he
dared get up that ladder that high. "Is it straight?" he shouted to me. I
looked closely and said "I think so, daddy" He came down from the ladder, stood
next to me and said "Ah, it's straight enough. Looking forward to the game
tonight?" I nodded profoundly even though I had no clue about the stakes, all I
knew was I was going to watch my brother play.

It's a bit of a blur what happened the rest of the day, I guess I just went to
school as every other day and played with my friends after school. All I can
remember is walking to the school, everybody dressed in something school
related. There were flags being waved, horns being blown and everybody was in
such a good mood. Being so young I didn't really understand football, I still
really don't, but I cheered when _our_ team scored and was sad when the others
did. In the end we all cheered as _we_ had won! _We_ had made it to the state
playoffs.

My brother, who was ten years older than me (yes I was a bit of a surprise to
my parents), wanted to celebrate with his friends and after being with us for a
few moments he ran off to be with his team. We went home to celebrate with the
neighbors whose son also played in the team. The party was so wonderful and
magical to me, that was until it all changed dramatically.

Two police officers had knocked on the door telling us there had been an
accident. A trucker had fallen asleep at the wheel and plowed into the car my
brother was driving. He was killed instantly, his friends passed away in the
hospital the following days. In one blow the core of the team had been taken
away and the Wildcats had to withdraw from the playoffs.

The whole town came to the funerals, my mother couldn't, she could hardly be at
the funeral of her own son let alone of all the other boys. Nobody really
blamed her, but she did. Not being able to pay her respects to the other
mothers weighed heavily on her, so heavy she even tried to take her own life.
If it hadn't been for my father she might not have survived. Loosing my brother
and almost my mother send me in a downward spiral too.

Seeing me in so much pain at such a young age snapped my mother out of it and
slowly she began to grow stronger, she wanted to live for me. But the whole
experience had changed her and not in a good way. She became more protective of
me, I couldn't do anything without her either knowing about it or being there.
Her helicoptering over me had a profound impact on me and after many
overreactions I just stopped telling her what I felt, everything was just okay
and nothing bad ever happened to me. At least that's what I told her, just so
she would leave me alone every now and again.

The first time I asked if I could go to a sleepover, she almost panicked. She
wanted to know everything in that house that could hurt me and she even dared
to demand changes being made. It all resulted in me never getting invited to
sleepovers, parties or anything else. All I the freedom I had was bound in
books, at least in there I could roam the lands and have adventures.

By the time I was 12 years old it all had become normal to me, I had accepted
it, even felt comfortable this way. Nobody could really hurt me and because I
never told anyone what was going on inside, everybody thought I was this
happy-go-lucky kid who never had problems with anyone. I had gotten so good in
hiding everything even I believed it.

At the age of 16 I lost my virginity when for once I was allowed to play video
games over at the neighbors house, at least that was safe according to my
mother. We played some games at first, but then he asked me if I had ever
kissed a boy before. I shook my head and he asked if I wanted to try.
Awkwardly we kissed and then kissed some more. Before I knew it we were on his
bed and he was on top of me. When he asked if I was ready I nodded and bit my
lip to hide the pain when he entered me.

As he was all the way inside I told him to wait for a moment, I had to adjust
and it was just too painful. Despite the pain I felt proud, I had finally lost
my virginity and understood what the other girls had been talking about. When
the pain subsided I told him to start moving and with every thrust the pain was
replaced by jolts of pleasure, it started to feel so good. But before I could
really enjoy it all he exploded and send his sperm deep inside my pussy.

Immediately I got scared and my heart froze. I wasn't on any form of birth
control and we hadn't used protection either. I pushed him off of me,
straightened my clothes and ran home. When my mother asked me what had happened
I just said we had fought and I wanted to be alone. I jumped on my bed and
started to cry as all kinds of doom scenario's went through my head. When my
mother came to check up on me I just told her I would be okay, that it had been
a stupid argument about a game and that I was sorry I had scared her.

She took me in her arms and told me she was sorry, that I never had to go there
ever again. She would protect me at all times. In the mean time I so wanted to
tell her, but I just couldn't. I was so scared of how she might react, that
feeling of dread was way stronger than my fear of being pregnant. During the
next two weeks I was filled with tension, every single second of the day I
thought about what to do if I was pregnant and with every second I got more and
more scared of what might happen.

The moment I saw the first trickle of blood in my panties I couldn't have been
more elated. I wanted to scream if from the rooftops, it simply was the biggest
rush of relieve I have ever felt. That period was the happiest I have ever had,
I loved feeling the pain in my belly, for a few days I could feel that I wasn't
pregnant. But it also reminded me of something I simply had to do, something I
couldn't postpone any longer. I had to talk to my mother about getting a
prescription for the pill.

That afternoon my anxiety rose with ever step I got closer to the house, I knew
my mother was home as she was every school day. She worked part-time just so
she could be with me when I got home. With a shaking hand I opened the door,
took a deep breath and walked inside. My mother was sitting at the kitchen
table and smiled when she saw me. She got up to make us some tea like she did
every day and the tension inside my rose with every second.

Finally it was time, I couldn't wait any longer, I just had to do it. "Mom?" I
said with a soft voice, "I need to talk to you. Promise me you won't get angry,
please. It's hard enough already and I really need to say this."

"Okay honey," she said, "I promise I won't get angry."

"Well, I was talking to some of the girls at school and we talked about our
periods. Becky said that hers were painful too, but her mother got her on the
pill and now it's fine. I --"

"You what? Just say it."

"Can I get the pill too? If it helped Becky it might help me too."

She burst into laughter "Oh my God, I really thought you were going to tell me
you were pregnant. Wow, this is such a relieve. Of course honey, if you want to
we will do that. Why haven't you asked before?"

"Embarrassment? Scared? I don't know," I said relieved by how she had reacted
and totally not how I had expected she would. I looked at her still a little
afraid, but she smiled and took my hand in hers.

"You can always come to me about those things," she said, "You know that right?
I might be a little protective, but I do that out of love."

"I know mom," I replied, "I know."

The next day we had an appointment with the doctor and within a few minutes it
was all arranged. Together we went to the pharmacy to pick up my first
prescription, that evening my mother explained how it worked and I swallowed my
first ever little pill. "Now," she said, "This won't help right away, your next
period might still hurt a little, but it should be better after that."

It had been the first time we actually spoke openly about something personal in
my life and it felt good. So good that I wanted more of it, but the fear inside
me was just too strong and I couldn't tear down the walls I had built around
me. Being in my room reading a book was still my safe place, I just wasn't
ready to take the next step.

Her biggest fear became reality when I was a senior in high school, just one
more year before I would be off to college. When I said to which college I
wanted to go she did her best to persuade me to go to community college in
town. "Then you could just live with us until you graduate," she said.

My father responded "And then she can stay with us until she gets married and
then until she has kids and a career. And if all of that is done she can stay
with us until we die and all that time you can hang over her like a hawk."

My mother turned to him and if looks could kill my father wouldn't have been a
happy camper. But he persisted and said "No Cara, it's time for Laura to leave
the nest. To stand on her own to feet, to discover who she is. We did that in
college and I don't want to take that away from her. If she wants to go to
Cambria, then she's going to Cambria. It's a good college and I really think
she can do it. That's final." With that he got up and walked away.

My mother was stunned and turned to me. I just shrugged my shoulders. That was
the first time he ever spoke out about what he wanted for me, until then he
just had let it all up to my mother. Hearing him stand up to her filled my
heart with joy and I knew I hadn't been the only one suffering from it. If they
had ever fought about it then they had kept it away from me very well, I never
had seen them fight or have an argument ever. But I was sure they had them,
just never in front of me or that I noticed.

My mother sighed and instead of lashing out, she said "I know he's right. But I
lost a child once and I won't loose another one." At that moment I felt so
sorry for her and understood right away why she had been the way she was. It
was all out of fear of loosing me too. Even though I thought it wasn't fair, at
least I understood where she came from.

I reached for her hand and said "I'm not that little girl anymore mom. I really
think the more you pull the more I want to run away. Letting me go is the only
way you can keep me close. I might be young and not know much, but that's one
thing I know for sure."

She looked up to me, had tears in her eyes and said "It's so hard. When we lost
Brandon -- I -- I can't." She got up and went upstairs to their room. My father
looked around the corner and just as I wanted to get up he said "No, let me.
That's my job and don't worry, it's all going to be okay. She just needs some
time." After about five minutes he came down again, saw me sitting at the table
and sat down next to me.

"This is not your fault," he said, "It's ours. We've held you back from so many
things and I wish I could take it all back. Your mother wants to talk to you,
just go up there and just listen to her. Then tell her how you feel and what
you want to do. But try to remain calm. She loves you so much, just remember
that."

I was so nervous when I walked into their bedroom. My mother was laying on the
bed, her eyes red from crying. When she saw me she reached out and I took her
hand in mine. I sat down next to her and softly she started to speak. "I am so
sorry Laura, for all of it. For everything that happened after -- you know --
Brandon passed away. I just wanted to protect you and now I understand that I
chose to do that the wrong way. I am so sorry."

I laid down next to her, looked into her red eyes and said "This is all I ever
wanted mom. I wanted you to love me and let me make my own mistakes. But you
always made sure I couldn't make them, so now I have to move, just so I can try
and find out who I really am. I've never had any real friends, never went to
parties or sleepovers. I want to experience all of it. Maybe even get a
boyfriend." She chuckled when I said those last words and I joined her.

"This is nice," she said, "We've never talked like this. I think I might like
this. A lot."

"I do too mom," I said as I wiped a tear from her cheek.

"You better introduce him to me, that boyfriend. I will vet him, dig up all the
dirt on him and --"

"No mom, you won't. You can tell me what you think about him, you may even warn
me, but you have to let me make my own mistakes. How will I ever learn
otherwise?"

"I was just joking --"

"I know mom. I love you mom, I really do. And this is nice, this is what I
wanted for so long. A mother and a friend, someone I can talk to about girl
things, like I talk to dad about technical things."

"Why do you have to be so smart? I mean Cambria? Computer Science? Really?"

"Yes mom," I replied, "Computer Forensics to be specific, maybe after join law
enforcement. Catching bad guys on the internet, that's what I want to do."

"My daughter the cop," she laughed, "So typically you. Read that in those books
of yours?"

"Some of them," I replied, "Most are about wizards, gnomes and dwarfs though.
You know fantasy novels, like Lord of the Rings."

"You are such a geek," she laughed. She took me in her arms and whispered "Why
did you have to grow up so fast? Couldn't you have taken a little more time?"

"I don't know mom. I'm not that good at biology."

"Liar," she laughed. We laid there for almost half an hour, me in my mothers
arms and for the first time I felt truly safe. We had reached the point where I
could start talking to her, really talk to her."

When I told her someone had asked me to go to prom was the first time she
didn't go into a frenzy. I could see she had a hard time, but she did her best
to be happy for me and when we went shopping for a dress I could see her
enjoying it. It was such a nice day, mother and daughter going from shop to
shop looking for the perfect dress. We stopped at some point to get something
to eat and we just chatted, for the first time I saw her relax a little as she
watched me having fun. Finally after a long day we had the perfect dress, some
low heels and some jewelry to go with it.

On the day of the prom my aunt came by to do my hair and makeup, she was a
professional after all as she had her own salon. It took us just under two
hours to get ready and a few minutes later Robin came by to pick me up. Even
though my mother wanted to interrogate him, she resisted and her eyes lit up
when she saw me coming down the stairs. She could stop crying how beautiful I
was and she kept snapping pictures of me. For the first time I felt her being
proud of me.

She snapped more pictures as Robin put the corsage on my wrist and she took a
few of us two together. He looked so smart in the tux he wore. "Oh, it's a
rental," he said diminishing it as much as possible. That's what I liked about
him, he never tried to praise himself, quite the opposite as a matter of fact.

The them of prom was _the Magical Gardens_ and it truly was magical. They had
done their best decorating the auditorium and I hardly recognized him. In the
far end a DJ was playing songs and when we arrived there already were some kids
dancing on the dance floor. We got ourselves something to drink and talked to
some of the kids and teachers who were there.

Mrs Stevens, my English teacher, complemented me on my dress and I just smiled
as I thanked her. We danced for a while, talked to some more people and danced
some more. When it was time to go home I felt so sad it was over already, if it
were up to me it would last until the end of time. Robin handed me his arm as
he guided me to his car. Half an hour later he parked in front of my house.

"Thank you for a wonderful evening," I said. We looked at each other and I gave
him a kiss. He just smiled, got out of the car and opened my door. He gave me a
hand so I could get out more easily and from the corner of my eye I could see
my mother peeking through the window. I gave Robin another quick kiss and
rushed inside.

As I was leaning against the closed door behind me I just sighed with a big
smile on my face. My mother came rushing to me asking "How was it? Was it
nice?"

"Oh mom, it was so magical. They had a DJ and we danced underneath the stars.
Even Miss Roberts was dressed as a princess. It was so much fun!"

"Not the prom, the kiss! Was it nice?" she laughed and took me in her arms, "Oh
I am so happy! Not only because your home, but to see you this happy too! Oh,
Laura! I am so happy!"

As she held me I said "Yes, mom the kiss was nice too."

My parents had started college funds for both my brother and me. When he passed
away they had to close his and instead of using the money for themselves they
put it into my fund. Now that I actually was going there was more than enough
to pay for all of my education and then some. My father had invested well and
they even had put in part of the inheritance from when my grandmother passed away.

"We will make arrangements with the school that they will bill everything to
that account and the accountant will then make sure everything is paid," my
father said, "He will also make sure you get a small allowance each month so
you can pay for food and stuff. It won't be much, but enough to last you a
month. Just don't go out to dinner each night."

"What about my car?" I asked.

"Oh you will still be insured on our account," he replied, "That will stay the
same all through college. We've made arrangements for that too."

With all the financial stuff being taken care off it was time for me to
concentrate on getting ready to move out of the house, something I feared and
was looking forward to at the same time. I had spoken with my new roommate for
about half an hour and she seemed nice enough, but still meeting new people
wasn't something I was particularly good at. They had rooms in the dorms for
people who absolutely wanted to have their own, but I had opted out off that.
"If I'm going to do this, I want to do this for real," I had said to my mother,
"It's time for me to start living."

The day of terror, as my mother called it, came sooner than all of us expected.
My mother wanted to travel with me and just so he wouldn't be alone my aunt
went along with us. "I'm just to goddamn curious about where you're going to be
living for the next few years," she had said. For two sisters my mother and my
aunt couldn't have been more different, where one was reserved the other was
outgoing. Where one thought twice before saying anything, the other just
blurted it out. I will let it up to you to figure out who's who.

My mother sat down next to me, took a deep breath and said "Let's get this
party started." I backed out of the driveway and turned right, as I was putting
the gears in drive I looked to my left and whispered "Bye house, thank you for
keeping me safe." My father followed me seconds later and as we drove through
town I saw my aunt leaning out the sunroof shouting "My niece is going to
college! My niece is going to college!" She yelled as her hair was blowing in
the wind.

My mother grunted when she saw it and said "Sheila! Why?" I just chuckled, it
was so typical for my aunt to do such a thing. She always saw the glass as
half full and all though she had been divorced twice she still believed in
love. "But not just yet," she told me a day before we left, "I'm enjoying being
single a little too much." She winked as she said it and I just had to giggle.
I loved my aunt.

After a four hour drive, with just one stop halfway, we finally arrived on the
campus parking lot. I found a two spots so we could park next to each other and
my mother sighed deeply. "Let's get this over with," she said as she looked at
me. There were tears in her eyes and I just admired her courage for fighting
through this. If it hadn't been for that talk we had a few weeks before I don't
think she would have gone with us. The mere fact she was even there meant
everything to me.

Not that it was all okay between us, not by a long shot. But the process had
started and she was trying her hardest not to fall back. To my utter surprise
she hadn't even resisted going to therapy and after the first two sessions she
said she should have done it years ago. Before we got out she told herself to
be strong, that she could do it, that everything was safe and that she should
be there for me. "This is her day and I am not going to ruin it for her," she
said to herself. Then she looked at me, unbuckled her seat belt and got out of
the car.

My aunt shouted "This is so beautiful. Look at it. If I were 18 again I would
surely go here too."

"You would never have made it in," my mother chuckled, "You could hardly get
into beauty school."

"Em, Peterson's College for Cosmetology, thank you very much," my aunt replied,
veining being disgruntled. The mere fact she had done that after getting a
business degree wasn't important. My mother had never understood why she wanted
her own salon in stead of working for a big company. Over the years however
that salon became two, then three and now she owned a chain of 25 salons all
over the state, ranging from hair to nail salons. Just recently she had put an
offer out on a resort, but was still negotiating the terms.

As we walked onto campus one of the guards pointed us to the row of tables all
along the wall outside the main administrating building. I stood in line for a
few minutes before I could register and received my student ID. "Take good care
of it," the girl said, "This ID gives you access to all the buildings on
campus. But that's not important, it will also give you reduced prices in all
the stores that have this sticker in the window. And I can truly recommend
Poppa Joe's around the corner, he has the best pizza you've ever tasted."

She handed me some more papers with general information about campus. "One more
thing," she said, "You can get all the information about classes tomorrow
morning. There will be a general meeting at 12 sharp where the faculty will
officially start the new year. So you have until then to get everything in
order, okay? Welcome to Cambria." I thanked her for all her troubles and
walked back to my parents and my aunt proudly showing my student ID. Somehow it
made this all real.

I was assigned a room on the forth floor of C wing in the dorms. It wasn't hard
to find, especially with the big letter above the entrance. We went inside and
another guard checked if my name was on the list. "Room 426. That's the fourth
floor, turn left when you leave the elevator." I asked her if my roommate had
already arrived and she told me she had. Right away I got a little nervous as
we stepped into the elevator.

Room 426 was the last door on our right at the end of the hallway. When I
walked in I saw one immediate advantage of having a room in a corner of the
building: we had windows in both walls to the outside. My new roommate was
lying on the bed on the other side and got up as soon as I walked in. "Hi," she
said with a big smile on her face, "So nice to finally meet you face to face. I
hope you don't mind me taking a bed already. I just can't sleep underneath a
window, I never could." I told her I didn't mind, but to be honest I would have
been a little disappointed when she had chosen that side of the room. I loved
being able to look outside.

Next to the bed was a small locker, then a desk which was attached to the wall
and a little space so the large wardrobe could be opened. Marisha's half was a
mirror of mine and the wardrobes were standing back to back like some sort of
divider of the two spaces giving some sort of privacy. The door was in the
middle of the room, across from the two wardrobes still leaving enough space
for people to walk in. If it hadn't been for all the basic furniture needed for
two students the room would have been very spacious.

At first I was a little disappointed with the amount of space I had, but when
Marisha showed me the single rooms later that evening I totally changed my
mind. Those were so small and totally packed on the top floor of the building,
what they had done was divide the room for two into two separate rooms, but as
a door needs room to be able to open it, it didn't leave much space for
anything else making the rooms seem smaller than the half I had now.

My mother helped me unpack as my father and my aunt went out to get us
something to drink. Marisha's parents had already left, so she went with them
to show them the way. When we were done unpacking and everything had it's
provisional place we sat down on my bed after my mother was done making it.
"It's the last time I can do this for you, so please let me," she said with a
tremble in her voice. I put my arm around her and we just sat there for a
moment.

"This is a very nice room," she whispered, "Way better than I had in college,
that's for sure."

"Let's just explore campus a little and maybe go to that Poppa Joe's I heard
everybody talking about," I replied, "Let's celebrate this day."

"Yes," she said, "I just keep thinking about Brandon. He would have gone first,
so this wouldn't have been as hard as it is today. I miss him so much, Laura. I
miss him every single day."

"Please don't cry," I said with tears in my eyes, "Brandon wouldn't want you to
cry on a day like this. Remember what he always said?"

"There is always something good to be found, even in the darkest of days," my
mother recited, "He read it in a book one day. He never forgot it."

We just were quiet for a moment and dried our tears when the others arrived
back. My father handed me my drink as he said "This is a nice campus, really
nice. Lot's of space between the buildings. Marisha told us she doing Digital
Design as a major, looks like they put two nerds in the same room." Marisha
chuckled.

"So Computer Science your father told me," she laughed and said, "And I
thought I was a geek."

We all chatted for a few moments before we went outside to explore campus and
the immediate surroundings of the school. We found Poppa Joe's but it was so
full in there we had to wait for over an hour, so we decided to take our
chances somewhere else. After strolling through the old neighborhood for a
while we spotted a small restaurant near the banks of the river that flowed
through town. We got a table outside overlooking the river and we had a very
lovely dinner together.

When it was time for them to leave, Marisha excused herself and went ahead to
our room. Saying goodbye was harder than I thought and when they finally drove
off I waved until I couldn't see them anymore. With tears in my eyes I made my
way back to our room and sat down silently on my bed. Reality of it all had
sank in and for the first time I felt really alone.

After a restless night I woke up around seven in the morning. Administration
would open at eight and I wanted to be on time. When my alarm went off I heard
Marisha moan from the other side "Just let me sleep, just another half an hour
or so." I chuckled, got everything I needed and made my way to the bathrooms
halfway down the corridor. I took a shower when a stall came available and when
I was standing near a mirror drying my hair Marisha stumbled in.

"Anyone seen my roommate?" she asked as she walked in, "Oh, there you are. Why
didn't you wake me? Ah never mind, I need to pee."

It became clear to me she wasn't a morning person, but at least she wasn't
grumpy. About forty minutes alter we both were ready and made our way to
Administration. There was a short line and we waited our turn, when the first
window came available Marisha was so generous to let me go first. The woman
behind it looked very serious and just said "Name".

"Laura Bailey," I replied and spelled my last name.

"Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Laura. Here you are. Computer Science 101, Mathematics
101 --" she named all the classes I had and handed me a list of books I needed
for those classes. "Here is your schedule for the first semester. I see
everything has been paid, so that's all taken care off. I see that your books
are paid for too, so they will be ready for pickup tomorrow. Now all you need
is to do is study hard and have some fun doing it. Welcome to Cambria." Her
face lit up as she said the last words, then shouted "NEXT!"

With all the papers in hand we went back to our room and I put the papers in a
binder I had inside my locker. We had a few hours to kill until noon and the
mandatory meeting, so we decided to spend the time exploring campus some more.
We found the launderette in the basement of our dorms on the wall there was a
poster of the laundry service the school offered. It was a little more
expensive, but at least you didn't have to do it yourself. Next to that poster
were the instructions how to make an appointment to do your laundry. Simply put
all of it was done online and you would get a code that was only applicable to
the machine assigned on the time you registered, at the end of the month the
usage would be automatically billed.

We got ourselves a latte from the coffee shop on campus and sat down in between
all the other students sitting on the grass in the central square. The sun was
already warming the day and I just stared at the giant oak tree spank bang in
the middle of the square giving shade to all who sat down under it. "If I
remember correctly that tree is over 200 years old, planted when the first
students came here to the small school that was built on these grounds." I told
Marisha who veined being interested.

"I'm sorry," I said, "I love history too."

"Ah, that's okay," Marisha said, "Somehow I thought it was nice to know that.
And it is a beautiful tree, I have to admit that. So tell me a little about
yourself. Any siblings?"

"Once," I said, "He passed away when I was eight."

"So sorry to hear that," Marisha replied, "What happened?"

"Accident," I replied, "Maybe I tell you one day, it always makes me sad to
talk about him."

"Okay, next question. Boyfriend? Girlfriend?"

"None and you? Siblings?"

"Happy single girl here," she replied, "And I have a sister, she's twelve
minutes younger than me."

"Twins?"

"Yeah, she just can't leave me alone. Not even in my mothers belly." Marisha
chuckled, "I was happy for 12 minutes, 12 whole minutes I had my mother all to
myself and she than she got the bright idea to be born too."

"Is she going here too?"

"Oh god no," she said, "Why? Do you see her?"

"No," I laughed, "Just wondering."

Marisha laughed and said "I love my sister, but she drives me crazy sometimes.
This is the first time we ever were apart, she's going to Dartmouth. Law
school, so typical of her. She has the right side of the brain and I the left.
More into art and stuff. Always loved to draw, paint and now with a computer is
so much easier. But I love photography as well, I'm not sure yet. But I don't
have to choose until third year, so I have some time."

"Wow," I replied, "I'm not artsy at all. Couldn't draw a picture if my live
depended on it. I got the love of technology from my dad. When he got his first
computer I was totally mesmerized, it didn't take long for me to tell him how
to use it and I was 10 years old. I wrote a small program a year later, loved
it so much. Being able to tell a machine what to do and then see it do it. It
felt like magic to me."

"So a typical nerd then?" she chuckled.

"Yeah, totally into fantasy too. You know like Lord of the Rings and stuff."

"Oh my Lord, I've been dealt a nerd! God help me!" Marisha chuckled.

We chatted until it was time to assemble in the main hall. All the freshmen
were seated in the front and we found a good spot to sit down on the third
row. When all the students were seated the Principle took the word holding a
rather long and boring speech. After him it was time for the dean and she made
her speech a little more lively. At the end she said "And for our freshmen.
Each year the best overall student will get the honor to open the next year,
this time it's my honor to introduce to you Travis Willingham."

Everybody applauded and the people who knew him even cheered and whistled. When
he walked on stage he was totally not what I had expected him to be. He was
more the jock type of person. He was long, strong and he wore the schools
football jacket, simply put your typical jock. But when he spoke he clearly had
a sharp mind too, his speech was funny, to the point and he wasn't afraid to
make jokes about the teachers and faculty. "All I have to say is this: Let's
raise some hell this year!" he said at the end of his speech and all the
students roared "GO WILDCATS!"

The senior years spontaneously started singing the schools anthem and all the
faculty rose up together with all the students. We freshmen had gotten a piece
of paper with the lyrics and I joined in, albeit very softly. When the song was
over all the students roared once more and the dean gestured for all of us to
quiet down and to sit down again.

"Thank you Travis," she said with a smile on her face, "I will never tell you
anything about my children ever again. Well, that's it. We've started another
year. Senior years let's hear it for our new freshmen and make them feel as
welcome as the once who went before you made you feel. Welcome Freshmen,
Welcome to Cambria." Another roar went through the audience and I figured it
was somewhat of a school cry. The dean continued "This afternoon all the
extracurricular activities will present themselves. It's not mandatory, but
maybe you could look around to see if there's anything that you would like. Of
course studying is important, but we pride ourselves of graduating people not
machines. So one last welcome to the new year at Cambria, let's make this year
a good year, shall we?" Another roar sounded and then all the students got up
to make their way out of the hall.

In the mean time small market stalls had been erected and students were
finishing decorating the one they had been assigned. The market would open in
two hours and we decided to get something to eat in the enormous dining hall
located next to the main hall. In the front everything was offered as if it was
a large restaurant, there were coolers, hotplates and you could just grab a
tray and get what you wanted. You paid for all of it using the bar code on your
student ID.

According to the plaque near the entrance the school was proud to say you
didn't need any cash on campus. When I asked one of the people who worked there
why she just told me to look it up on the schools website. When we finally sat
down at a table I got out my phone and learned there had been a series of
violent robberies in the past and after they stopped using cash all together it
hadn't happened again. That and the doubling of security had gone a long way to
make this campus one of the safest in the country, the website told me.

After eating our lunch we went outside and watched how a group of students were
hanging garlands all over the marketplace, it started to look very festive. On
the far end of the central square a band was setting up on a podium. From
somewhere I heard people stretching their vocal cords and a group of students
dressed in 17th century attire made their way to their stall. All in all it
promised to be something good.

From the podium I heard a girl say "Welcome, welcome, all of you. I'm not going
to say much, but the market is open now. So please feel free to look around."

We both got up and wandered around. There simply was something for everybody,
from fraternities to sports, from computer to book clubs, it was bound you
could find something to do. We stopped to look at one of the acapella groups
the school had and we also watched the drama club perform a scene from William
Shakespeare. Marisha stopped to get some information from the photography club
called _the Instant Snap_ and she seemed more than interested.

At the far end, tucked away in a corner I saw a stall almost everybody ignored.
On the front there was a simple banner with a logo that resembled some sort of
die. _Critical Role_ the banner read and behind it a blonde girl sat reading a
book. On display were some books, some dice and some wooden boxes. There wasn't
much of anything else and still it piqued my interest. When I approached I
scraped my throat which seemed to have started her.

"Oh, I'm so sorry," she said, "It's just -- never mind. How can I interest you
in rolling some dice?"

"Is that all you do? Rolling dice?"

"Ah," she laughed, "No. Ever heard of the game Dungeons and Dragons?"

"Yes, I've heard about it. Don't really understand what it is, though?"

"Okay, ever played a video game? Yes? Ever wanted to do something that you
couldn't do in that game? Like look behind a wall but the game didn't let you?
Well, in D&D you can do anything you want. But it's up to the dice if you
succeed or not."

"What's the fun in that?"

"Oh, we tell stories, we go on adventures. Fight dragons, split the loot and
adventure some more. All in a fantasy world our Dungeon Master created. Last
campaign we had to fight a human that wanted to become a God and he almost made
it too. If we hadn't rolled that well in the last fight he might have succeeded
and Matt would have to change everything about the lands he created. But in the
end we succeeded and saved the world from eternal doom. It was such a good
story and we tell it all together. That's what D&D is about. It's telling a
story. But to us it's more than that, we experienced the story like we were
really there. To us it's a memory, something we did together."

She spoke with such enthusiasm and I could see she really meant what she said.
I could see it was more than just a story to her. "But it's all just
make-believe isn't it?"

"Yes, but let me ask you a question? Do you like Lord of the Rings or any other
book or movie? Yes? Aren't they make-believe too?"

"I see what you mean," I replied.

"But this is more than just another book or movie. This is a story we made up
together, through our characters we were there. We all had to work together to
beat Vecna, none of us could do it alone. We had to combine our strengths and
our weaknesses, that was the only way we could win."

"And some damn lucky rolls," a voice behind me said with a chuckle. I turned
around and a boy with hair to his shoulders stood behind me. "Hi, I'm Matt. I'm
the Dungeon Master. Pleased to meet you."

I shook his hand and he sat down next to the girl. "Did you at least tell her
your name before you started rambling?"

The girl turned red and said "Oh no, I am so sorry. I'm Ashley, pleased to meet
you."

"Laura," I replied, "I'm a freshmen."

"We all have our faults," Matt chuckled, "So, we meet every Thursday evening
and we play for four hours. That's because we have to leave the library at
midnight. We gather between seven and eight, but at eight we do begin. So if
anyone is late they will miss some of the story. But in my experience the
others will fill you in as soon as they can. If you're interested we always
play a game zero so we create the characters for the new campaign which lasts
all school year. Each year we have new characters to play with and I do my best
to create a new story line."

"But how do you create the characters?"

"Ah, well this is the players handbook. It has all the races, classes and every
spell, artifact available in the game. But we've changed it a little bit, just
to make it a little more fun and so it fits our play style a little better. We
don't just go into dungeons and roll dice. We want our characters to have an
arc, we want them to develop and become real. We don't shy away from
confrontations or from discussions, just as long as everybody playing is
comfortable with it."

"And that's something I had to get used to," another voice said right next to
me. I gasped when I saw that boy from that morning standing there. Travis
played D&D too? That was another thing that was so atypical of him.

"Hey Travis," Matt said, "Travis is our chair, Ashley our secretary and ever
since Bryan had to leave, why do people have to graduate, we are looking for a
treasurer."

"Why don't you just come to our next session?" Travis said, "We can talk about
it all we want, the best way to learn what this game is, is to actually do it.
I came to a session one day, just to see what it was I had heard so much about,
and I never left. Created a character and joined the game."

"Oh Grog," Ashley said in a slightly pitched voice, "You are my best buddy!"

"Oh Pike," Travis responded in a deep voice, "You are mine too. Did you know
I'm learning to read. I can read the -- em -- what was it again?"

Matt started laughing and said "Travis put a lot of points in strength and
stamina, so he had nothing left for intelligence. When he asked I told him with
an intelligence of six he couldn't read or write, but he was as strong as an
ox."

Travis looked real sad at me and I just had to chuckle. In Grog's voice he said
"Everybody is making fun of me Pike. I'm going and get me a cog of ale."

Just as he wanted to walk away Ashley answered as Pike "No Grog, nobody is
making fun of you. We're laughing with you, that's different." Travis turned
around again and said "I'm still getting that ale, I'm thirsty." And he walked
off.

Marisha joined me at that moment and said "What's this?" She grabbed one of the
books and said "You are playing D&D? Really? Can I join? Or are you already
playing a campaign? Please, tell me I can join?"

And with that I knew what I was doing the next Thursday. We said our goodbyes
and Marisha couldn't stop telling me how excited she was about playing D&D
again. "It's so much fun," she said, "My sister started playing and I went with
her one day. We played a short game and of course we were twins. Elvish
warriors we were. Oh it's so nice to play again."

The days after were filled with introductory classes and more getting to know
campus. Then all of a sudden it was Thursday and we made our way over to the
library. At a large table on the fourth floor we found them and we were
introduced to three other players: Sam, Liam and Taliesin. They talked about
what they expected and when it was time to create our characters they all
scattered over the floor. Matt sat down with me to help me create mine, he was
so patient in explaining it all to me and not before long I had the first
outline of a tiefling girl I had called _Jester_.

We played a game together where the overall mechanics of the game were
explained, we had a small adventure and just had a good time playing the game.
Slowly the magic of the game opened itself to me which became more than
apparent when I played as if my character had the biggest crush on Travis' one
he had called _Fjord_, a green half orc who had filed down his tusks as he was
embarrassed by them.

In a bookstore I had bought a book called _Tusk Love_ in which the main
characters Oskar and Genevieve fell in love and had to run away. As I pretended
to read it, I threw glances at _Fjord_. "What are you reading there, Jester?" I
answered with "Nothing Oskar, don't you worry about it." Everybody at the table
burst into laughter and I really enjoyed that moment too.

I had really enjoyed playing and promised to be back for the start of the new
campaign in three weeks. Matt needed that time to come up with a story that
fitted the new characters and he wanted to make sure everybody would be
fulfilled with their part in it.


