# Shared
_an erotic tale by Transgirl_

## Chapter One
We were married for almost six years when it all started to change. We both had
good but very demanding jobs. Long hours at work, taking work home had changed
our relationship from being a married couple to being more like room mates.
With the stress form our jobs came the fights, fierce fights at times. Fights
that could have ended what we had, but always we both realized we still loved
each other. Every single time either one of us apologized, but nothing ever
changed and within a week or two we were back where we were before. Trapped in
a downward spiral where the fights seemed to get worse and worse. Blaming each
other rather than looking inside one selves for an answer.

"What? Don't you blame me for that. You forgot our anniversary! It was you! I
was at that restaurant waiting for you. I sat there for almost an hour!"

"I told you that I had this deadline, didn't I? I've asked you multiple times
to plan it on another day! I can't help it my staff is incompetent!"

"You're the goddamn boss! Stop micromanaging and start trusting the ones you
hire! Maybe, maybe they will surprise you!" I shouted back.

Travis threw his arms in the air and shouted "As always it's my fault! Why
can't you just take my side for once. You're my wife, for god's sake."

"A wife who's opinion you once wanted to hear. You always said you loved the
fact that I don't always agree with you. It made you feel grounded, you said.
So what's changed?"

Travis sat down on the couch and lowered his voice "I don't know. All I know is
this can't go on like this. I don't want to fight with you every single time."

"I don't either," I replied as I sat down next to him, "So what do we do?
Please, Travis, I love you. I don't want to loose you, ever. Why do we fight
all the time?"

"I don't know," Travis replied, "Maybe it's because I can't release my anger at
work and take it out on you, I don't fucking know. I'm not a psychologist, I'm
just an IT guy."

"Don't sell yourself short. You're one of the smartest people I know. Maybe we
should just take a break for a while. Go our separate ways."

"What? No!"

"Why not? You know I hate it here, but I came here because I wanted to be with
you. We've lived in the suburbs for three years now and still I don't like it.
Maybe if I get a small apartment downtown, just a place where I can stay for
the night whenever I work late or whenever I want to go shopping."

"No! That's not what being married is about, being married is about --"

"Making each other happy," I interrupted, "Isn't it? It was your idea to move
here. Just give it a chance, you said. Well, I did. For three whole years! And
I know you don't like living downtown. With us having a small apartment there
we could do both! And it's not that we can't afford it. Just a small one,
nothing fancy. Hey, maybe we could relive our dating years. Remember? You
coming to visit me, taking me out to dinner, walking along the river. Talking,
holding hands, it was all just so romantic."

Travis chuckled "Those were great times. Remember that time I picked you up in
that limo? That was a great night."

"The night you proposed you mean? How can I forget. You were so nervous, which
made me nervous because I know you were going to pop the question. And I was
right."

"Did you? Really? I thought I hid it pretty well."

"You're an open book to me, Travis. You've always been."

"That's true. I could never lie to you. That's what I love about you, Laura."

"So are we doing this then?"

"We could take a look. No promises though." I squealed a little from excitement
and kissed him.

"Travis?" I said after a short period of being silent, "Let's not ever fight
like this again. I want us to be honest with each other at all times. You know
you can always talk to me."

"Yeah, I know. I'm sorry Laura, I am so sorry. Maybe we should take a break.
I've talked with Matt and it did wonders for their marriage."

"I know. That's where I got the idea from. Marisha has a small apartment
downtown too and they love it. It's a hiding spot for either one of them,
mostly Marisha though."

"They're good friends."

"That they are. And come to think of it. If I'm at my apartment downtown, you
can go golfing as long as you want in the weekends. Have dinner at the club, do
your own thing and I will come home on Monday after work and we can spend the
week here. You can come to visit me during the weekends, pick me up for a date.
Ooh, I'm excited already."

Three months later I was standing in a small apartment we had just rented. With
large windows to the South it had plenty of daylight all day long. With a
beautiful view over the harbor it was in one of the best locations in town. The
harbor district had been rezoned and redeveloped a few years earlier to be a
small town within the city. Everything was within walking distance and because
of the excellent public transport I didn't even need my car to go to work
anymore. All I needed it for was to go home to Travis whenever I wanted to or
to go anywhere else in town.

The apartment itself was a small two bedroom apartment, with a nice bathroom,
and a more loft-like interior. The kitchen was separated by a bar from the rest
of the living space. A small pantry had enough space for someone living there
alone. And although the apartment was empty I could imagine exactly where I
wanted a couch to be, my dining table and everything else. I turned around to
Travis and whispered "I love this apartment. Look at the view, you can see the
ocean!" He smiled when he saw my excitement. I leaned over to him and whispered
in his ear "Did you see the bistro outside? I can go for coffee in the morning
on my way to work."

I turned around and walked over to the south side of the apartment. After
fiddling with the handle I managed to open up the large sliding door and a gust
of fresh air blew inside. "Those are special handles," the realtor said. He
walked up to me and closed the door again. Then he pushed the handle all the
way up and the whole door tumbled on the x-axis, leaving a gap on top. "This
way," he said, "You can still have fresh air inside even when it's raining." I
was in total awe and turned to Travis once more.

"Did you see that? Wow!" I squealed. I might even have jumped a little which
made the realtor laugh. I looked at the young man standing next to me and
smiled. He closed the door again and slid it open so I could finally enter the
balcony. "Large enough to catch some sun, if you wanted to." he laughed. I
stared at him and knew what he was imagining. Me in a bikini laying there. When
Travis joined us he said "Could you give us a minute?" The realtor nodded and
went back inside.

"Do you really want this?" Travis asked.

I nodded "Yes. I really want this. Just imagine us here. When you go golfing I
can just relax here. Go to the bistro, go shopping, do the things I love to do.
Be amongst people again. I really do love it here. Look at all the people
below, this is who I am. I'm not a suburban mom, never was. But you wanted to
live there and so I followed. I followed because of you, I wanted to make you
happy. Maybe now I can have some happiness too?"

Travis smiled and said "Yes, you've earned it. If this makes you happy then I
guess we can do it. Just stay here for a moment, I'll be right back." I turned
towards the view over the harbor, took a deep breath and felt wonderful. I
heard the mumbling of the two men behind me but I didn't care what they were
saying. I had found my spot on this earth and it was this apartment in the
harbor district. The district where I always wanted to live ever since I moved
to Port Verde when I came to college here.

After about fifteen minutes Travis returned with a big smile on his face. He
took me in his arms and I placed mine on his. I leaned back and rested my head
on his shoulder. "I've talked with the guy and I think we might be able to do
this. There's just one hurdle you have to jump over."

"And what's that?"

"You have to kiss the owner of the property."

"What? No, I'm not doing that."

"Why not? He could be a very attractive man."

"No! Did you see him?"

"Yes, yes I did. I saw him this morning."

"What?"

"Yes, when I looked in the mirror this morning. That's when I saw him."

I turned around, totally confused. "What did you do?"

"I just bought the building. The realtor told me the owner wanted to sell it
for a very long time. With the income from the rent of all the neighbors you
can live here for free. It's a good investment and I made an offer the owner
can't refuse. He really wants to get rid of this."

"No! You didn't!" I shouted with excitement, "You really did?" Travis nodded
and I kissed him.

"See! You did kiss the owner just now. Welcome to _the Anchor Estate_, Mrs
Bailey."

"Well, thank you Mr Willingham. Thank you so much." I kissed him again and
cheered. I went back inside where the realtor was waiting for us. "So we have a
deal?" the young man said exactingly. I stopped, acted like I was thinking and
said "I think we have." Although I could move in the next week, the sale of the
whole complex took another month or two. Travis had to broker deals with the
banks and everything else that was needed to complete the transaction. By the
time I had fully decorated my new apartment a letter arrived.

_Residents of the Anchor, it is with great pride I can announce the final sale
of the apartment complex to a new owner. Not only will your stay here be
secured, we also agreed to fix all the backlog of issues within the complex.
The new owner has assured the launderette will be updated with new machines, the
wiring and everything else will be fixed. This all will be done without the
need for raising your rent. In accordance with the banks there will be a grace
period where you can still pay your rent to the old accounts but we urge you to
change to the new accounts as soon as possible. All in all the sale is good
news for everybody. It has been my pleasure to be your landlord for over 30
years, but it's time for me to pass the torch to someone new. So please welcome
them into your lives, I am sure this will be a good fit for everybody. Always
yours, Mr Peterson._

I was still reading the note as one of my new neighbors walked up to check
their mailbox. "Isn't it sad," she said, "Mr Peterson was such a good landlord.
I hope the new owner will be nice too. But I don't know, I don't have a good
feeling about this."

I just smiled and said "I think it will be okay. He's a nice guy."

"You've met him? The new owner I mean?"

"Oh yes, when I moved in he came to show me the apartment."

"He did? Why?"

I smiled and said "Because I'm married to him." With a giggle I walked up the
stairs and heard a "Wait! What?" behind me. The woman rushed up to me and said
"You're married to him. But why --"

"Oh," I interrupted, "it's a long story. But when we came to view the apartment
he heard that the previous owner wanted to sell and he's a business man. His
keen eye for bargains has never failed him. He sees this as a good investment
and because I live here too I was able to convince him not to raise the rent
for anyone who already lives here and we don't want to force anyone out. We
know you all love it here otherwise you wouldn't have stayed for this long."

"Wow, well welcome to the Anchor, I guess. I'm Mrs Jones, apartment 12."

"Yes, I know. Laura, apartment 19."

"Oh nice. I was thinking about moving in there. But the rent was just too much
for me. So I guess you're living here for free."

"Oh no," I replied, "We thought about it, but no. I want to pay my rent just
like anyone else in here. So as long as I'm here I'm just another tenant. I
don't want any special privileges just because I'm married to the owner. That's
why the lease is on my maiden name, the one I've been using all through our
marriage."

"Wow. So why did you move here then? Troubles in paradise?"

"No, not in the least. He loves the suburbs and I love it here. So whenever he
goes golfing during the weekends I get to stay here. That way we both can do
what we love to do. I still love him very much and with me having this
apartment I might love him even more than I did before. We give each other the
freedom to do whatever we want to do and the best part of it is, Mrs Jones --"

"Em, it's Miss Jones, but please call me Tanisha."

"Okay Tanisha, the best part of it is he's picking me up tonight. For the first
time in years we are going on an actual date! You know the one where he picks
you up and brings you home after. I can't wait, I feel like I'm 19 all over
again, like we starting to date again."

"Wow, that's so nice. Never thought of it that way. So you're basically saving
your marriage by moving out?"

"Oh I didn't move out. My home is still with him, don't get me wrong. Would you
like to come in?" I opened the door and we went inside. Tanisha complimented me
on my apartment and sat down on one of the chairs. As I was making us both a
cup of coffee I said "So, let me ask you this? Ever heard of married couples
having their own room? Like a man-cave or something." Tanisha nodded and I
continued "Well, this is basically the same thing. Just a different building.
This is my space, where I can be on my own whenever I need to. I can have the
hustle and bustle of the city and he can have the peace and quiet of the
suburbs." I handed her her coffee and sat down on the couch.

"I really didn't see it that way. Wow, you might have struck gold there."

"Uhuh, I love being here, but I also love being with my husband. I looked it up
the other day and they actually have a term for it. It's called _living apart
together_ and until now it's done wonders for us. Before this we used to have
huge fights almost daily. Ever since we decided to actually do this we haven't
fought once, we actually started talking again. Sharing our feelings, which
only made me love him more. And then there's this other small thing. He works
in Riverdale, just a small commute from our house in the suburbs. I work
downtown. My commute was almost two hours in heavy traffic, four hours just to
get to work and back. I was so sick and tired of it, which gave me even more
stress when I got home. Now? Now I can just hop on the subway and be at work
twenty minutes later. When I get home I can wait for the jam to clear and drive
home within fifty minutes. No more stress and I'm still home around the same
time I used to do before."

"Wow. I can't seem to say anything else. You've got it girl, I have to say as
much. When I finally get a man I want to do the same thing."

"Oh, it might not be for you. Always do the thing that's best for you. Who
knows you want to be with him all day long. Who knows, right?"

"Right" she laughed, "Laura, I think I like you. Want to go for a coffee one
day, or maybe even dinner?"

"I would love that. I've lost friends over the years living there and maybe
it's time I make some new ones." Tanisha smiled and we talked for a few hours
more about all kinds of things. When she finally left we had set a date to go
to dinner and a movie. Just as she opened the door she turned to me and said "I
have to say this and please don't get me wrong. I never thought I could be
friends with a white woman before. You've changed my mind and that's not an
easy thing to do. Thank you for having me and I'm looking forward to our
dinner."

"You're so welcome, Tania and thank you for saying that."

A few weeks into our new arrangement I went to dinner with my new friend. We
had spent quite some nights together, just talking about girl stuff and having
fun. "Yes girl, he actually said that! Can you believe it? Well I told him
where he could find the door and I kicked him out. That was the last I ever saw
of him. After six years of being together."

"Wow, I can't believe it. You actually kicked _him_ out?"

"Oh yes, you don't tell me to be a housewife. He actually forbade me to go out
with a friend of mine. Sure he's a guy, but he's as gay as they come. That
didn't persuade my lovely boyfriend though. No, he said, you are not having
dinner with another guy and that's it. Then he said that it's the woman's place
to abide to the man and that a woman should never do anything without the man's
permission! Can you believe that?"

"Oh I would have kicked him out too. I'm just so glad Travis isn't that way.
Let me tell you, the other day he called me. From the club where he was
golfing? Yeah, I know! Well, he said he missed me and wanted to come over
later. Well, me being me I said I had other plans that evening. I totally
didn't but he doesn't have to know that. So, he begged to come over and when he
did he had a huge bouquet of roses in his arms. He had never bought me flowers
before, never ever. It was all just so romantic and I fell in love with him all
over again."

"You just can't stop to amaze me," Tania replied, "I want a man like him in my
life."

"Yeah, I'm so lucky. I really am. I'm telling you, Tania, this whole living
apart thing really did wonders for us. I've never felt closer to him, it's just
so nice to know that I can just hop in my car, drive for 50 minutes and have
someone I really trust."

"And neither of you are -- you know -- cheating?"

"What makes you say that? No of course not. Why do you say that?"

"Well, you're an attractive woman. You have your own place and he would never
have to know. Same goes for him. You're not around during the weekend, what's
stopping him?"

"Our love! I trust him, completely." As I was saying that I could feel the seed
of mistrust being planted. What if Tania was right? What if Travis took
advantage of the situation? How would I know he didn't have someone over for
the night? I tried my best not the think that way, but somehow just couldn't
stop.

"I'm not trying to say he is. I was just wondering." Tania excused herself. "Oh
I think I said something wrong. I did, didn't I?"

"No, no you didn't. I trust Travis, he would never do such a thing. And neither
would I."

"But how do you know?" Tania asked, "And again I'm not saying he is, it's just
I've been betrayed before. One of my relationships ended because he couldn't
hold it inside his pants. But maybe that's just me talking, I don't know. I
just don't think I could trust someone ever again, not like that."

"I've never cheated on Travis. Ever. Not even when we had all those fights. I
would never want to hurt him like that. I couldn't live with myself knowing
that I had cheated on him, I just couldn't."

"I sorry to have brought it up," Tania said, "I truly am. I think I better go
now. I am so sorry."

"Don't be sorry," I replied, "Good friends tell each other the truth, no matter
how it hurts the other one. The fact you felt comfortable enough with me to say
that is appreciated. I might even love you for it. So thank you."

Tania's eyes teared up and she replied. "I love you too, Laura. You're my best
friend and I've never had anyone like you before. You make me feel comfortable
and safe. So thank you for being my friend." We stood close and looked into
each others eyes. Before either of us realized we kissed, not just a friendly
kiss but a passionate one. After that first kiss we stared at each other and
kissed again. This time our mouths opened and our tongues met. We made our way
to my bedroom and along the way clothes feel on the ground, with my hand on her
breasts we fell onto my bed. I crawled on top of her, pressing my mouth against
hers. Then I slowly made my way down her neck, kissing her along the way. I
couldn't believe what I was doing, but I just couldn't stop.

As I reached her boobs I kissed her nipples and I continued going south. Until
I reached her panties. I looked up into her dark beautiful eyes and pulled her
panties down. A beautiful dark cock sprang into action. And I took it into my
mouth, I had never been with a trans-woman before and I loved it. After sucking
her cock for a few minutes I went up again, sat down on top of her and as I
stared into her eyes I lowered myself down over her hard cock. I moaned as I
felt her entering my wet vagina. As soon as it was all the way inside me I
leaned forward and whispered "I wanted this for so long, Tania. I wanted to
fuck you for so long." Tania just panted and we kissed again. Ever so slow I
started to move my hips and we fucked for over an hour.

At the height of our first time together I took my dildo out of my nightstand
and as Tania was pumping her cock inside me, I pushed it inside her fuck hole.
She moaned loudly "Oh yes, yes. Fuck me!" As I pushed the dildo inside her.
With every thrust she made the dildo slid in and out of her too. We both
orgasmed at almost the same time and I felt her cum entering me. "Oh yes," I
panted, "Fill me up! I want to fuck you all the time! I love your cock so much,
Tania!"

She rolled off me and we laid there for a few minutes. One hand going through
her long hair, the other caressing her full breasts. "Since when did you want
to be a girl?" I asked her.

"Ever since I was four, I can't remember ever feeling like a boy."

"And your parents?"

"They struggled with it for a while. But when my mom told me I could get
anything from the toy store, anything I wanted. She cried when I returned with
a baby doll. You know the one that actually cried!"

"Oh, I always wanted one of those."

"Yeah, I had one. Well, when we got home I didn't just have the doll, but a
stroller too. And as soon as my dad saw how happy I was, he accepted it too. At
the age of eleven I got on beta blockers and at sixteen they allowed me to get
hormone treatments. I could never ever thank them enough."

"Well, now you have me too." I smiled. We kissed and she got on top of me once
again. I spread my legs and guided her cock inside me again. With my left hand
I grabbed the dildo and slowly pushed it inside Tania. "Oh yes," I whispered,
"Give me that cum. I want it, I need it." She started fucking me so hard, I had
multiple orgasms before she unloaded once again deep inside my vagina.
Afterwards we got up, showered together and she did my makeup. She chose my
dress and just before the doorbell rang I was ready to go on my date with
Travis.

We sat in that restaurant eating a lovely dinner as the Tania's cum dripped out
of me. It made me feel so -- horny and excited. When we were done eating and
walked back to the apartment Travis asked me what was going on. "You seem to
glow." He said. I stopped walking and said "I need to tell you something." With
his mouth open he listened to me, took a few steps away from me and said "I
knew it! I knew it was about that. I just knew it."

I was so scared he was angry at me and for all the right reasons this time. I
had cheated on him, but I just didn't feel guilty about it. Quite the contrary,
I wanted more. It was the feeling of ultimate freedom that I felt while I was
with Tania. Travis turned around and said sternly "Let's go. I want to meet
this woman." We walked to the apartment and I called Tania and asked her to
come over. The moment she saw Travis she froze and looked at me in a panic.

"So," Travis said, "You had sex with _my_ wife, did you?"

Tania looked from Travis to me and back again, not knowing what to say.

"Don't just stand there. Answer me! Did you have sex with my wife?"

"Yes," Tania said softly, expecting the worst. I felt for her, I knew all to
well how harsh Travis could be and I had no clue where he was going with this.
Was he going to throw Tania out of her apartment? As the landlord he could do
that and I was getting scared now to. Just as I wanted to protest and jump into
Tania's defense, Travis held up is hand.

"So, my wife moves into an apartment and just weeks after she cheats on me with
you? I trans woman? So tell me what do you have that I don't? Tell me."

Tania looked down and very softly said "Boobs?"

Travis burst into laughter and I was so utterly confused now. "Well, that's
true," he said, "I can't deny that one. So tell me, Tanisha is it?" He slowly
walked towards her with his finger in the air. "Did you like it?"

Tania was stunned by that question. Did he really just ask whether Tania had
liked being with me? Tania slowly nodded and Travis said "And you still like
cock too?"

"Oh yes, I love cock." Tania replied, "I adore cock. But this between Laura and
me just happened. I can't explain it."

"So, if you love cock you wouldn't mind sucking mine?" Travis said and I was
completely shocked. Tania looked at me and I just shrugged my shoulders. I
watched how Tania looked at Travis who just looked back at her. Slowly Tania
went down on her knees, unzipped Travis pants and took out his cock. She looked
at me again and once more I didn't know what to say. Then I watched how Tania
started sucking Travis' lid and it turned me on. I took a few steps closer and
looked Travis in the eyes. He smiled, put his arm around me and kissed me. His
hand went underneath my shirt and he cupped my breasts. It took us all but five
minutes until we all were naked. Tania and I were licking his fully erect penis
as he was laying on the couch. Another few minutes later we were in my bedroom,
Tania was on top of me and I guided her cock inside me as Travis watched. I
looked into his eyes and moaned as I felt that big black tranny cock slide
inside me.

Then Travis got on the bed too. He pushed his cock deep inside Tania's fuck
hole. Tania moaned deeply as Travis took possession of her. The three of us
started moving and I came almost immediately. "Oh yes," Travis panted, "Fuck my
wife. Fuck her hard. Make her come on that big dick of yours." Tania panted "Oh
yes, fuck me. Come deep inside that small ass of mine. I want to feel your cum
inside me! Fuck me Travis, like I'm fucking your wife!" We all came together
and I felt Tania's seed deep inside my womb. At the same time Travis unloaded
his cum deep inside Tania. After just a few minutes of getting our breaths I
climbed on top of Travis and guided him inside my cum filled pussy. "Fuck me my
husband. Make love to me like you've never done before."
