# My Dirty Little Secret
_a series of erotic tales by Transgirl_

## Sneaking Out

### Disclaimer
In all my stories I describe a country that doesn't really exist. It's basically
a mixture of several different countries, like the USA, Australia and countries
within Europe. So don't take it out on me if you read things that aren't wholly
according to reality, this is a story. I made it all up. Get over it.

Any resemblance to any person either living or dead is purely coincidental.

### Chapter One
If you would ask me how it all started I couldn't tell you, it just did and I
really have no clue where I got the idea from. The fact we lived in a small
town where hardly ever anything happened might be a reason why I even dared to
do it. Emerald Township was a quiet place as it had always been ever since it
was founded all those years ago. Not that it was a bad place, I loved growing up
there. As kids we could play outside and go swimming in the lake during the
summers. It was a safe place, a fender bender was the worst thing that ever
happened and that was big news in our parts of the world.

My mother worked as a nurse in the local hospital and my father was the owner
of the local factory. His father had started it almost 80 years ago and by then
he employed over a hundred local people. "We had to hurry to make the
deadline," one of them once told me on a company picnic, "Your father rolled up
his sleeves and helped out. He worked just as hard as we did and we made the
deadline with time to spare. That's why we love working for him, he's not
afraid to get his hands dirty." I had heard a lot of stories like that about my
father and it made me so proud of him. He was loved by the community and so was
my mother who had helped bring a lot of my friends into this world. Both my
parents loved helping the community as much as they could and that mentality
was something I had inherited from them.

One night I was driving home from a new years party, I was seventeen and it was
the first time I was allowed to stay until late. The streets were quiet and all
the houses I saw was dark as everybody had gone to bed already. The party had
been on the other side of town and I had to cross downtown to go home. Seeing
Emerald Township like this had something eerie about it, in some places where
the streetlights were out of order the shine from the full moon was the only
thing that illuminated the streets I was driving. I looked at the clock in my
dashboard and saw it was just after three in the morning. I had never been up
this late before and when I saw an open spot I parked the car. I wanted to walk
for a while before I went on home.

For the time of year it was relatively warm, the snow that had fallen weeks
before had all melted away. I closed my jacket and walked through the empty
streets. As I was walking a police drove towards me and stopped nearby.
"Getting some fresh air Laura?" the officer asked.

"Yeah, happy new year." I replied.

"Happy new year to you to," he said, "Be careful. I saw some foxes a few
streets down." I waved to thank him and he drove off. I continued walking and
turned left into the park. Some ducks were swimming in the water, their heads
tucked underneath their wings. It was all so quiet and peaceful out there. It
was just so nice to get some fresh air and stretch my legs before I continued
on home. By the time I got a little cold I was back at my car, got in and drove
home. My parents were woken up by me entering the house and we wished each
other a happy new year. I told them all about the party and even told them
about my short nightly stroll. I couldn't keep it from them as both my parents
knew all the officers of the local police department.

When I came home from home a few months later I was surprised to see three cars
on our driveway, two of them were my parents' the other one I didn't recognize.
It was strange for the both of them to be home at that time and why was there
another car on the driveway? It was all just so strange and nervously I walked
into the house. Both my parents were sitting at the table in the kitchen and
both looked very seriously. "Sit down," my father said sternly and I did. They
didn't say a word for a while and I got even more nervous, but I had no clue
what this was all about.

"Your mother and I have been talking and we both believe it's time for you to
grow up a little more. You need to learn how to manage money. So we got you
this debit card.  We will put 800 dollars a month on it and you have to pay for
everything yourself, that means gas, clothes, school, everything, okay? If
you're out of money too bad. You will have to wait until we deposit the next
month. No more asking for 20 dollars to go to the movies or 40 to get some new
clothes, it's all up to you now. Agreed?"

I nodded fanatically and said "Yes! I agree and understand. But when I get a
job can they use that account too?"

"Yes, they can an that's what I wanted to tell you next. But you beat me to it.
We both think it's time you get a job and earn some money for yourself. Now we
are not going to check anything on that account, it's yours and in your name.
But you have to understand that we are a guarantee for the account and if you
do not take good care of it they will come to us at some point."

"I won't dad," I said, "I promise. But wait? You said I need to pay for gas?"

"Oh yes," he said, "almost forgot about that. Here." and he threw a set of
keys across the table. "Your car is blocking mine."

"What?!" I looked at my mother who smiled with tears in her eyes. She just
nodded and my father said again "Your car is blocking mine." I looked out the
window and saw the car behind my father's. It was the one I hadn't recognized
and I looked back at my parents.

"Go move it," my father smiled. I jumped up and into their arms.

"That car is mine?" I panted, "Really?"

"Yes pumpkin, it's yours. Congratulations on passing your test. We are so proud
of you." my father said. I let go and ran outside. The car beeped when I
pressed the button on the keys and I stepped inside it. It was a dark Toyota
Camry, the car I liked so much and it was just beautiful. My parents walked
outside and smiled when they saw how happy I was.

"Can I go and show Marisha, please?" I asked.

"Yes," my mother said, "Go, but be home in an hour. I will have dinner ready by
then."

"I will mom," I replied, "I just want to show Marisha my new car. I can't
believe I'm saying this. Thank you both so much, this is the best day ever."

Before I left my father told me the car was registered in their names and
insured through them. "So please be careful or our insurance will rise," he
smiled and added "And I don't want to see you hurt either." He kissed me and
they waved as I drove off in my new car. I felt so mature and proud of myself,
this was the car of my dreams and I already loved it so much. Marisha was maybe
even more enthusiastic as I was, she just screamed when she saw me drive up to
her house. I didn't even get time to ring the doorbell as she ran out of her
house and yelled "You got a car? You got a car!" She jumped for joy and when
her mother came out too she was happy too. "Cane we go for a drive mom?"
Marisha asked and her mother nodded. "Just be careful okay?" I nodded and waved
as we drove off. Ten minutes later I dropped Marisha off again and drove home.

Having my own car meant I got some more freedom as I no longer was dependent on
my parents driving me everywhere or to take the bus to school. I made a deal
with Marisha to pick her up every morning as we were mostly in the same
classes together. Not long after I got a job in the local grocery store and all
in all it just made me feel so mature. I had a debit card, a car and was
responsible for my own finances. Over the next few months I proved to my
parents I was a responsible person so when there was a party on the other side
of town they allowed me to go. The fact they knew the person giving the party
played a major part as well.

As soon as I arrived at the party I realized I was dressed like a grandma
compared to the other girls. One of them saw me and walked up to me asking me
what I was wearing. It was David's sister and she took my hand to take me to
her bedroom. "You can't wear that," she said and handed me a dress, "Wear this.
It will look so nice on you. And we simply have to do something about your face
too." Thirty minutes later I joined the party wearing a short pink dress, low
heels and my face was covered by makeup. Carter had done such a good job and
even David who held the party didn't recognize me at first.

"Laura? Is that you?" he asked.

"Happy birthday David," I replied.

The party was great and we danced, chatted or just stood around the fire pit in
the back yard. We all had a great time and before I knew it it was almost three
in the morning. "Oh my God," I shouted, "I have to go home. I'm far too late.
It was a lovely party." When I gestured Carter to change into my own clothes
she just handed me a bag and said "Keep it. It looks great on you and I hardly
ever wear it anyways." I thanked her collected my clothes and rushed to my car.
I was in so much trouble for being this late. When I checked my phone I was
stumped when I didn't see any missed calls or messages from my parents.
Something they would normally do, even when I was just ten minutes late and
this was over three hours! Feeling confused about it I got into my car and
drove home through the mostly empty streets.

I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.


I suddenly realized I was still wearing that dress and makeup. So I found a
dark spot on the parking lot near the mall where I could change without being
seen. As I parked I suddenly felt the need to go for a walk as it would be a
while before I got to wear anything like this again and I never could do my
makeup like this. I grabbed my purse and carefully got out of the car. I looked
around and listened carefully if anyone was there to see me. I couldn't see or
hear anything and took a few steps away from my care before I locked it. The
beeps from my car startled me a little and then I just started to walk into the
park next to the mall. Besides the birds sleeping in the water there was nobody
besides me there. I slowly started walking further and further, my heart was
racing as I swayed my hips a little more from left to right. When I reached
another dark spot I stopped and with a little struggle I managed to take off my
bra. At first I had put it in my purse but when I reached the far end of the
pond in the middle I got it out and dangled it from my index finger next to me.
It all was just so exciting and adrenaline started to rush through my veins.
Then I stopped another time and pulled down my panties. I walked back to my car
with my bra dangling from one finger and my panties from another.

Walking in public like that had such an influence on me and when I was back at
my car I didn't want to stop, not yet. I opened my car and threw my underwear
on the front seat. I locked the car again and did another round through the
park. At the far end I left the park to stand underneath a street light as if I
was a prostitute, pretending to talk to a potential customer. "For you
sweetie," I softly said, "You can have all of me for 50 dollars." I looked
around and quickly lifted my skirt, flashing my pussy and giggled as I rushed
back into the park and back to my car. The adrenaline rush was ginormous and as
I got back into the car I couldn't stop laughing. When I calmed down I quickly
changed into my own clothes, got some wet wipes and cleaned my face as best I
could. After putting my new dress in the back of the car I drove home.

When I parked my car on the driveway I was stunned to see the house was dark.
Normally my parents would still be awake and waiting on me, but everything was
so quiet as I went inside. I quietly walked up the stairs expecting either of
them to storm out their room and berate me, but nothing of the sorts happened.
Feeling confused I went into my room, changed into a nightgown and went to bed
after brushing my teeth. It had been a good night, but this was very confusing
to me.

When I walked into the kitchen the next morning my mother said "Ah, good
morning sweetheart. How was the party?" She acted as if nothing had happened
and continued doing what she was doing. Why wasn't she angry at me? I had come
home so late and she acted like it was no big deal. What the heck was going on?

"It was great, but aren't you angry? I did come home way too late." I said.

"Oh yes, you did. But that's part of growing up dear. If you fish at night you
will have to dry your nets during the day, my mother always said. It sounds
better in Dutch, but I can't remember how it's said."

"What does that even mean?"

"Well, if you come home late we will still wake you up at the time that you
will have to get up, no matter how little you slept. I was just about to do
that but then I heard you in the bathroom and it wasn't necessary anymore."

"But why?"

"Because you're almost an adult now. If you want to come home at
four-thirty-three in the morning that's on you."

"Wait? What? How --"

My mother placed her hand on my cheek and said "Did you really think I was
asleep? I couldn't sleep until I knew you were safely home. That's what a
mother does." She chuckled and walked off leaving me behind totally confused.

A few minutes later it clicked and I ran after her. "I get it," I said, "It's
now my responsibility to come home in time, to take the time I have to get up
the day after into account. Is that it?" She just smiled and nodded.

"You've always been so smart," she said, "I knew you would get it. Your father
wasn't that convinces but I was and I've always known you were safe. Just make
sure you always let us know where you are, that's all I'm asking."

"I will mom," I said, "and thank you for your trust in me."

"Always darling. Always."

Doing a thing like that was so typical for my parents. They never advertised
what they were about to do, I had to experience it and figure it out myself. To
me it was the best way to learn as it therefore was as much my idea as it was
theirs. Having all this new responsibly made me feel even more mature and I
made a vow to always keep them in mind if I went out somewhere.

After a quick breakfast I got ready to go to work for a few hours and returning
to that parking lot felt like returning to the scene of a crime. I was assigned
to work the register and it was nice to see all the familiar faces. When I was
finally off work I went into the dollar store next door to get some toiletries
like shower gel and shampoo. As I was perusing the isles my eyes fell on a
large box of condoms and on a whim I put it into my basket. In the back of the
store they had racks of cheap dresses that were all one-size-fits-all and I got
two of them too. They were tight and very short, but I liked them and they were
dirt cheap. Once back at my car I put the box of condoms in the boot of my car
next to the dress that was already in there. The two new dresses I put in my
backpack and when I got home I placed the bag with the toiletries on the table.

"I got me some new shower gel and shampoo," I told my mother and after she
smelled them she said she wanted to use the too. "I'm going to do my homework
now. I'm going to the game with Marisha tomorrow and I want to have done it
before we go." My mother nodded and handed me a cup of tea. I went upstairs to
my room and placed my backpack on the bed. I got out the two new dresses and
quickly undressed to try them on. As I looked at myself in the mirror I really
liked what I saw. Both of them clearly showed all my curves and one of them
was so low in front it just about covered my nipples. I felt so sexy in both of
them and I walked up and down my room for a while swaying my hips. As I reached
the mirror I smiled at myself and whispered "For you darling? For you it's just
50 dollars and I will rock your world!" I got on the bed and straddled on of my
pillows. I started moving my hips and watching myself in the mirror.

"Oh yes," I whispered, "Fuck this whore. I love it so much. You feel so good
inside me." I felt myself getting really wet as I saw how my big breasts were
moving underneath that dress. I grabbed both of them and squeezed them hard.
"You like it too? Good, I love being fucked. I am such a slut, a whore. I will
fuck anyone who pays me." I rode my pillow until I came and then quickly
changed into _something comfortable_, hid my new clothes and started to do my
homework. All the time I just kept thinking about what I had done and what I
had said. I really wanted to do it for real one day and the protection was
already hidden in my car.

The feeling of becoming a prostitute became stronger as time went on, in the
end it was all I could think about. With every boy I met I wondered how much he
was willing to pay me to have sex with me. It became an obsession that I just
could never realize in our small town as it would inevitably reach my parents
at some point and that just couldn't happen, ever. To complete my outfits I had
bought two pairs of six inch high heels and every moment I got I had practiced
walking in them. One Sunday when both my parents had to work I wore my _slutty_
outfit all day just to take it off minutes before they got home. I was in the
shower brushing off the text I had written on my belly: _WHORE_ and _FUCK ME
FOR 50 DOLLARS!_ slowly disappeared from my body. I giggled as I remembered the
selfie I had taken just after I had finished writing it.

"We are organizing a trip to our capitol in a few weeks," my teacher spoke one
morning, "and if you want to come you will have to get permission from your
parents. This trip won't be free, it will cost 200 dollars. But it will cover
everything. So if you want to come please have your parents fill out this form
and hand it back to us before Friday." I was so excited to go as I always had
wanted to go see the capitol and this was _the_ chance for me to do so. My
parents were happy to sign the form and the next day I was one of the first to
return it. For the next few weeks time seemed to have slowed down and it seemed
like months had gone by before the day finally arrived.

I had packed everything I needed for the trip and my father carried my suitcase
to the car. My mother hugged me "Have a good time," she said, "Take a lot of
photos and text us every day." I hugged her back and ran towards the car next
to my father who was dropping me off at the airport. Almost two hours later the
plane took off to take us to the capitol. I was so excited and chatted with
Marisha who sat next to me. I was already happy when my parents signed the
form, I was even happier when she told me she was going too.

The hotel we stayed at wasn't big, but it was nice and close to downtown.
Marisha and I got assigned twin rooms separated by a shared door. It was so
nice to have at least some form of privacy even though the actual rooms were
rather small. I was unpacking my suitcase and looked over my shoulder when I
got out the tight dresses and the pairs of heels. I quickly put them in the
wardrobe and when I was done I opened the shared door and checked if Marisha
was done unpacking too. I sat down on her bed watching her as she finished
unpacking.

"Isn't this nice?" I asked.

Marisha jumped on the bed next to me and said "Yes, I've never been this far
from home before. I was amazed when my parents said yes. Can you believe we're
actually here?"

Not long after there was a knock on the door. It was one of our teachers
telling us to come and after we all had gathered in the hallway we went to
dinner in the restaurant next door. As this was the first night we were allowed
to explore the immediate surroundings a little but we had to be back in two
hours. Marisha and I went into several shops and just looked at everything they
had for sale. "Wow," Marisha said holding up a price tag, "500 dollars?"

I shrugged my shoulders and said "This dress is 2,000. What a deal." Marisha
burst into laughter much to the dismay of the woman working there. Two hours
later we went back to the hotel and one of the teachers told us to gather in
one of the conference rooms in the back. There we got told the schedule of the
week we would be there and what was expected of us. "No sneaking off," she
said, "We are responsible for your safety and we don't want anything to happen
to you. This isn't Emerald Township and it's a lot less safe around here. So
please be careful with everything you do. On Wednesday we will explore the city
together and there will be enough time to do some shopping and get some
presents for the people back home. This is not just a pleasure trip, you are
meant to learn something too, okay?" We all nodded and some of my fellow
students still had a few questions before we were asked to go back to our
rooms.

Marisha and I chatted for a while longer before she went to her room to go to
sleep. I got ready for bed too and as I laid there I just couldn't sleep. When
the clock on the nightstand told me it was just after three I got up, quietly
opened my wardrobe and got out the most sexy dress I had brought with me.
Twenty minutes later I checked myself in the mirror that was stuck on the
inside of the door. I had put my hair up and smiled when I saw the long
earrings dangle from my ears. I had used bright colors for my makeup and now
came the hardest part: getting out without being seen. I quietly opened the
door and peeked outside into the hallway. It was all quiet out there and I
quietly made my way to the other side where the fire escape was. I swore a
little when I saw the sign telling me not to open it unless there was an
emergency. "There will possibly be an alarm when I do," I thought and had to
come up with a new plan.

I quietly walked towards the elevators but instead took the stairs down to the
lobby as we were staying on the second floor so it wasn't that far. Then I saw
the way to go. The stairs went all the way down to the underground parking lot
and there would possibly be a way out of there, I thought. I hid for a moment
before I opened the door to the parking lot and slipped out. I quickly made my
way to the other side and tried to open the door that led to the alleyway next
to the hotel. To my utter surprise it was open and I slipped through it. With
my heart beating fast I leaned against the wall to put on my heels. Then I
stood up and walked out the alley way.

The city noise hit me and I knew this was totally different from what I was
used to. There were still lots of people out on the streets but none of them
seemed to care that I was among them. With every step I got more confidence and
after just a few minutes I was just walking and enjoying myself. I made my hips
sway a little more and my breasts were bouncing with every step I took. After
going around the block I sneaked back into the hotel and took a breath of
relieve when I was finally back in my room. I cleaned my face, got into my
nightgown again and went back to bed.

The next day we went to see the seat of government and other sights, one of the
teachers explained everything to us and we finished the day visiting the
biggest library of the country. "Everything that has been written is in here,"
one of the employees told us, "This building has nine stories going up in the
air and another thirteen going into the earth. That's where we keep all of our
most precious books and documents. Including our first constitution. Every
evening after we close it goes down again and into the vault where we keep it.
This whole machine you see here goes down with it. The document itself never
leaves the controlled environment it is in now." We all gasped when our eyes
fell on the most important document of our nation. I just stared at all the
signatures of those famous people who had written and signed it.

"Remember," my teacher said, "Back then they were just like you and me. Joseph
Harrington was a simple farmer back then. A smart one, but still just a
farmer." I was in total awe when she reminded me of that fact. Back then they
were just ordinary people, nothing more than either one of us. They had become
important during the war of independence and had risen to the status they had
when they signed this document. Joseph was they only one who returned to his
former profession, the others all went into politics and Mathew Dixon became
our first president. The overall consensus however was that if Harrington
hadn't become a farmer he would have been chosen. The stories of his bravery
during that war were just impossible to ignore.

That night I was able to sneak out again and this time I walked a little
further from the hotel. In total I was gone for over two hours and instead of
sneaking back in I just walked inside, the guard hardly looked up at me as I
walked towards the elevators. He just assumed I was a guest and that I had
permission to leave and come back as I pleased. I just had to giggle as the
elevator brought me to the second floor.

The second to last night I just walked out the front door. By now the guard
just waved as I left the hotel. On the walks the previous nights I had come
across a street where I had seen other girls walk and very nervously I joined
them. I got some angry looks but none of them said anything. Cars drove by as I
just stood there advertising my _wares_. Then all of a sudden a car stopped
next to me and I stopped walking, leaned over and said "Want some company
baby?" The man asked me how much and I told him it was fifty dollars. "Get in,"
was all he said and ten minutes later I walked into a sleazy room of a motel
where they rented the rooms by the hour.

He sat down on the bed and I took of my dress slowly. My heart was racing and I
was so horny by this time. He took off his clothes too and I pushed him on his
back. I got on top of him and guided his hard cock inside me. "Oh yes," I
panted, "This is what I needed." In my thoughts I was screaming 'Yes, yes.
Finally! I'm fucking someone for money! I am officially a prostitute!'. It
didn't take long for me to come for the first time. Then he pulled me down on
my back, pulled me to the edge of the bed and planted his big fat cock deep
inside my now fully wet pussy. "You whore," he bit at me, "You like it don't
you, you filthy whore." I nodded and panted "Yes, I love it so much. I love
being a whore, a slut. Come on fuck me hard and give it to me. I want you to
fill me up with that cum. I want you to come deep inside my pussy." It didn't
take long for him to explode and as I felt him come I came for a second time.

Minutes later he was hard again and this time he fucked me all over the room
and I loved every single second of it. When the time was up he handed me 100
dollars and said "You were worth it." I smiled and put the money in between my
breasts. He dropped me off on the same street he had picked me up at and I
stayed there for a while longer until another car stopped next to me. This time
I had sex with the man in a dark alleyway and I made him come inside me too. I
loved the feeling of men coming inside me, to know I could get pregnant from
it, it was just too exciting. When this man dropped me off I went back to the
hotel and had to bite my lip not to giggle as I passed the guard with the
strangers cum dripping out of me.

When I went to bed I had a huge smile on my face. "You did it," I said to
myself, "You're officially a whore now." Feeling their cum drip out of me made
me want to masturbate when suddenly the shared door opened and Marisha walked
in. "Where were you?" she asked and my heart skipped a beat. There was no need
to deny it, clearly she knew I had been gone. She sat down on my bed and
repeated the question. "I was still awake and wanted to see if you were too.
But your bed was empty and I almost woke up one of the teachers. Where were
you? Are you okay?"

"Yes," I said, "I'm okay. Please don't tell the teachers. It's something I just
have to do. I don't really know why, but I just need to sneak out."

"But what do you do? Just walk around?"

"No, not really," I blushed, "Ever since I was little I wanted to -- I dreamed
of --" I looked up at her and just said it "I wanted to be a prostitute
Marisha. I don't know why, but I always wanted to be one. And tonight I finally
did." I showed her the money I had earned and she just stared at me.

"A prostitute?" she stumbled, "A real prostitute? You had sex for money?" I
shyly nodded and she just looked at me again. "That's so --" I held my breath
as she continued "hot. That's so hot, I wouldn't dare to do that. Did you
really? Tell me everything." She seemed excited and had a huge smile on her
face. I told her everything that had happened that night and after I was done
she just launched at me. Her lips pressed firmly at mine and without thinking
about it I opened mine. Our tongues met for the first time and it didn't take
long for the both of us to be naked. She sucked on my nipples and her hand went
down to my cum filled pussy. She felt how wet I was and whispered "I didn't
know you were such a slut." and pushed three fingers inside me. She made me
come again and I did the same to her. Then she did something I didn't expect,
she place one leg over me the other one underneath me. She positioned herself
thus that as she stared into my eyes she pressed her wet cunt against mine.

"Oh yes," she said, "I wanted to do this for so long. And now we can share that
cum they put inside you. Oh yes, yes, Laura. I love fucking you so much." We
both moaned and had an orgasm at almost the same time. She than laid down next
to me and caressed me with her nails. We talked some more until we both fell
asleep.

The next morning just before we had to get ready to leave she woke me up with
the words. "Wake up little whore. Wake up." I opened my eyes and felt her
fingers enter my pussy. I kissed her and moaned. "You little slut," Marisha
whispered, "You like this don't you? Well, I love it too. Maybe we can both be
whores together. I've dreamed about it last night and I really want to do it
too." That's how we made our pact to become whores, prostitutes, high class
escorts and have sex for a living.
