# Starting Over
_an erotic tale by Transgirl_

## Chapter One
Seven years of marriage down the drain, seven years of me supporting him. We
even moved to a town where I didn't know anyone because he got a good job
there. Within two years he climbed to corporate ladder and I thought our lives
couldn't get better. Until that day I thought I'd surprise him at work, only to
find him _pleasuring_ his assistant. My world came crumbling down, it felt like
the floor opened up and the world swallowed me whole.

Now I was standing in what could be my new apartment to start a new life. On my
own for the first time in my life. I had gone to college straight from living
with my parents, from the dorms where I shared a room with someone who became
my friend I got married to my ex and moved in with him. Within the first year
we moved away. The house in the suburbs felt isolating, on top of that my ex
didn't find it necessary for me to get a job. "I earn enough for the both of
us," he said and I, stupid as I was, did what he said. Total dependence was the
result and I felt for a long time I had nowhere to go. My parents had passed
away years before and through the isolation I felt I had lost the few friends I
had.

When the divorce was finalized and the judge awarded me most of our assets I
decided to start over. A new town, a new life. I had seen photos of Port Verde
in magazines and somehow I knew I would end up there one day. Now I was
standing in a small apartment in the old harbor district of the city of my
dreams. "Rent is 800 a month, due on the first of each month," the realtor said
behind me. I looked around the one bedroom apartment one more time before I
said "I'll take it."

The apartment was in an old colonial style building, recently renovated and
best off all I could do my laundry down in the basement where they had realized
a brand new launderette. In short it had everything I needed and all the
historic buildings in the neighborhood was exactly what I had been looking for
for a long time. Just around the corner was a small bistro, a few doors down a
small restaurant. A few blocks over a bar I visited when I came to town. The
moment I walked through the streets of the old harbor district I knew I was in
love.

The first few weeks I spent most of the money I had on buying new furniture,
some new but most of it second hand in a thrift store down the road. When it
all finally was done I had the apartment I had dreamed of when I was little and
my mind went back to the moments I was laying in my bed, my mom next to me and
in front of me a magazine with pictures of Port Verde. "That's where I will
life one day, mom. See those houses? I'm going to buy one of those one day.
You'll see." A tear rolled down my cheek and I looked over to the only photo of
them I had left. My ex thought it better to break all ties with my past, this
photo was the only one I was able to keep and it meant the world to me.

At the same time my fear of what was going to be my future rose inside me. What
was I going to do? I didn't know anyone in Port Verde. Why did I even come
here? Doubts kept rising in my head, nobody that was the name of all my friends
and I just started to cry.

I woke up the next morning, a little stiff from sleeping on the couch. A short
shower and a cup of coffee later I took a deep breath before I went looking for
a job. I still had enough for another month or two, I just wanted to feel
needed again. I went from store to store, from bar to bar and was about to give
up for the day when my eyes fell on a _help wanted_ sign in the window of a
small boutique. As I opened the door a small bell connected to it rang and I
stepped into a room filled with dresses, stockings and to the west a wall
filled with the highest heels I had ever seen. In the back was a small counter
and I waited for a moment for someone to come to me. Then I rang the small
hotel bell on the counter and a woman in her late forties appeared through the
curtain behind the counter.

"So sorry, didn't hear you there," she excused herself, "Welcome _The Black
Rose_, how can I help you?"

"Hi, my name is Laura and I saw the sign in the window? You're looking for help
and I need a job."

"Ah, straight to the point. I like that. Ever worked in a store before?"

"Not really," I answered truthfully, "I did wait tables though when I was in
college and I'm a hard worker and quick study."

"In college? What did you do after?" she asked.

"That's a long story," I replied, "Let's just say it's behind me now and I
really need a job."

She looked at me for a moment, her eyes half closed as if she was deciding if I
was telling the truth or something. "Hmm, I don't like secrets. But I'm sure
you would tell me at some point. Do you know what we sell here?"

"Truthfully? I have no idea. I just saw the sign in the window and I thought
why not give it a chance. I've been told no so many times today who cares for a
last one before I go home."

"Desperate I see. So tell me why do you need that job so urgently?"

"Okay, well, I just got out of a marriage where I was completely isolated from
the world. I lost my friends, don't have any contact with family anymore and I
just moved here because of a dream I had as little girl. I can support myself
for a short while, but having a job would really take away my worries. Plus I
hope this way I could get to know some people here and rebuild my life."

"Honesty. I like that. I'm Silvia and you are?"

"Oh I am so sorry. I never introduced myself. My name is Laura, Laura Bailey.
Pleased to meet you."

"Same here. So if I was to hire you, when could you start?"

"Tomorrow? Or when ever you need me to."

She laughed and said "Tomorrow won't be necessary. But Thursday would be fine."

"Really?"

"Sure, why not. That sign has been in that window for over two weeks now and
you're the first to actually come in and apply. Plus I have a good feeling
about you somehow. So come by on Thursday and I will show you what to do, okay?
You will be paid every week on Friday, is that okay?"

"That would be wonderful, thank you."

"Don't thank me yet," Silvia chuckled, "You might come to regret ever walking
in here."

I felt elated as I left the Rose. Who would have thought the last place I
visited actually gave me a job? And just as I wanted to give up for the day. I
walked back home feeling really good about myself and stopped at a small diner
to get myself some takeaway. That evening I watched an old movie on TV with the
Parisian doors to my small balcony wide open. Feeling the soft breeze of the
summer night felt so good and for the first time since I could remember I felt
at peace, maybe even happy.

"Latte for Laura!" the girl behind the counter of the bistro shouted and I
walked up to get my coffee. "Hey," she said as I grabbed my purse to pay for
it, "You come here almost every day, don't you?" I nodded and she said "Then I
will give you our _Regular pass_. Every tenth order is free if you give us the
card every time you buy one. Here you are. My name is Marisha, by the way.
Welcome to our _Regulars_ program." She smiled as she handed my the change and
the card. I raised it shortly as a gesture of thanks and she went on to help
another customer during the morning rush hour.

I sat down at one of the tables and scanned the morning news on my phone. About
ten minutes later someone sat down next to me. It was Marisha "Phew, am I glad
to sit for a moment. I hope you don't mind the other tables are all full." I
smiled and shook my head. "So Laura, what brings you to Port Verde? And please
don't say you're here for the architecture."

"No, I just moved here." I replied.

"Wow. Really? You're a local now? Great! I am a bit tired of all the tourists
and their questions about Port Verde. Do you know a good restaurant around
here? Or where is the old fish market? Bleh. But as you are new to town I
wouldn't mind showing you around one day. I was born here, just around the
corner actually. It's a bar now, but it used to be a hospital."

"Sure, we could do that one day."

"Okay then. How about this afternoon? I'm off at noon and I've got nothing
better to do."

"This afternoon? No, I can't. Sorry." She just felt a little too pushy for me
and I wasn't the type to just take a leap of faith.

"Okay, yeah. Sure. Never mind. Sorry. I have to get back to work now. You have
a nice day. Bye." and with that she got up. I stayed for a few more minutes and
just as I was about to leave the bistro I felt guilty about waving her off like
I had done. I turned around and said "Marisha? Noon you said? I will be here."

"Great! I'm looking forward to it. I know this place where we can have the best
lunch you ever had. Just you wait." Right at that moment I wondered what the
heck I had gotten myself into this time. She was so not me and totally not the
type of person I would hang out with when I was in college. She was loud, pushy
and didn't seem to care what anyone thought of her. Still there was something
about her that attracted me.

That afternoon we walked through the streets of the old harbor district. She
showed me everything, the best placed to get food, the best placed to get a
drink and above all she introduced me to a lot of local people. "If you ever
need something fixed you come here. Liam is the best and if he knows you're my
friend he will give you a good deal."

"Now, now, Marisha I still need to pay my rent I can't give everybody you know
a good deal. Hi, Liam. You've met Marisha I see."

"Laura, pleased to meet you."

"Laura just moved here. I'm showing her around."

"Then you have the best guide you can get around here. Marisha knows everybody
here and we all know her. Where are you going now?"

"I thought we might visit Sam. I feel like lobster today."

"Wow, Sam? Is he back yet?"

"He supposed to be. He went out at around five this morning. It's almost three
now."

Liam turned to me and said "Sam is her brother. He's one of the last fishermen
we have in Port Verde and one of the last who has a trawler with the name on
it. He's a bit of a legend."

Marisha pulled my arm and I had just enough time to say goodbye to Liam. Even
though it was out of my character to meet so many people in one day I started
to like the spontaneity of Marisha's character. And it sure seemed like
every one we visited liked her too. "Come, come. Hurry up. Or the best lobsters
are gone." We rushed through the back alleys of Port Verde until we reached the
actual harbor. "He's in." Marisha cheered.

"Sam! Sam!" she shouted towards a trawler busy harboring. From behind the wheel
a man waved back and I watched as the deck hands were securing the boat to the
docks. As soon as the plank was attached Marisha rushed on board with a "Hey
boys!" and they all just chuckled. I watched from a distance how Marisha hugged
her big brother and saw her pointing at me. Minutes later Sam stuck out his
hand to me and said "Hi, I'm Sam. Marisha's brother. Pleased to meet you. Come
aboard, Marisha wants us to pick out a lobster for dinner. Come."

Later that evening I came home feeling tired from all the walking, but I felt
happy too. The dinner at the docks was just wonderful and I had watched how Sam
had cooked the lobster to perfection and I simply was the best shellfish I had
ever had in my life. "Right out of the ocean," Sam had laughed. I had learned
that the trawler was Sam's home too. "Yeah, not much money in fishing these
days," he said, "All my money is in this boat. But I love here, Black Betty has
always been good to me." With a huge smile on my face I went to bed that night.

## Chapter Two
In the six months I had been living in Port Verde I had become somewhat of a
local. All the introductions Marisha had put me through had made it a lot
easier for me to just go out and get something to eat somewhere as there always
was someone I knew somewhere. Over time the group of friends grew larger and I
even had found my local watering hole, _The Vagrant_, a small bar just off the
beaten tracks where not a lot of tourists came.

"Laura!" Taliesin the owner shouted as I walked in, "So nice of you to visit us
again. Sit down, sit down. The same?"

"As always, Taliesin, as always." I smiled.

"Nice, nice. So anything new?"

"No nothing, still working at the Rose and getting my bearings in town."

"Good to hear. Well, here you are. One draft beer for the nice lady. Why don't
you go to the _nip_ one day? Go dancing, have some fun." The _Evening Nip_ was
the local club and it had been such a long time since I had been to a club and
I didn't feel like going alone.

"Ah, it will do you good. Letting it go for a night. Come on, I know the owner
and I'm sure he will let you in. No questions asked. What do you say?"

"You know the owner?"

"Sure, Travis and I go way back. He used to have a small thing next door, until
he bought the old factory and turned it into a club. The best thing he could
ever have done for Port Verde, believe me."

"So why didn't you?"

"And close the Vagrant? No way. This bar goes back centuries. This is a part of
history! I love this place, wouldn't sell it for the world."

"So you think you could get me in? What about the line outside? Those people
want to get inside too."

"Yeah, but you're a local now. And those people know locals get some
privileges." he winked as he picked up the phone. "Travis? Yeah it's me
Taliesin. Look I've got a nice lady sitting here at the bar, could she come and
have some fun with you? Yes, she's a local. She moved here about six months ago
and she really needs to see your place. What? Now? Sure, hold on." He looked at
me and said "Can you go there now?" I just looked at him and gestured "now?"
Taliesin just waved me away and said "She's on her way. Thanks big man, I owe
you one."

"What did you do? I can't go there like this!" I shouted.

"Don't worry. Travis can fix you up. Just knock on the back door three times
and he will let you in. Have fun!" I threw the stare of death his way as he
stood there chuckling. I slowly got up, grabbed my jacked and made my way over
to the _Evening Nip_. There was a very long line of people trying to get
inside. I passed them all, turned into an alley way and knocked three times on
the door there. As the door opened I saw a tall handsome man standing in the
doorway. "Laura?" he asked and I nodded. "Come inside. Quickly."

Once inside he said "I see you're dressed for the occasion."

"Yeah, I just went for a drink and didn't plan on coming here."

"Okay, just go in there. One of my dancers might have something for you to
wear. I need to do some paper work, that's my office over there. Just call me
when you're ready." I shrugged my shoulders and went into the girls dressing
room.

"Girl, whatever happened to you." one of the shouted as I entered.

"Nothing," I replied, "I just went for a drink and I was pressured to come
here."

"Don't tell. Taliesin! I mean, that boy has to stop sending us women. Come on,
we will fix you up." One of the girls had a clear Adam's apple, but they were
all so nice to me. Twenty minutes later I knocked on Travis' door wearing one
of the best dresses I had ever worn and my makeup was immaculate. Travis looked
up from whatever he was doing and his jaw dropped to the floor. "You sure clean
up nicely," he stuttered and I just had to giggle. It had been a long time
since I had this affect on a man and it felt good.

Travis guided me inside the club. My eyes had to adjust to the sudden change to
darkness. "Welcome to the Nip," Travis said, "This is an exclusive club and you
can only get in if you're a member or if you are invited by a member. As
Taliesin owns half of this place you got a special invitation."

"Wait? What? Taliesin is your partner in this?"

"Oh yes, didn't he tell you? He never does, that cheeky old bastard. Yes, he
owns half this place. He's been just like a father to me. I came here ten years
ago with nothing. Taliesin took me in, showed me the ropes of running a bar. I
had a small place next to his for a while. Then the factory closed down and the
city wanted to tear this down. But I had an idea for this club, Taliesin pulled
some string, we got the money from investors and here we are. Three years later
and the Nip is the hottest place in town. Can I get you anything?"

"Just a beer please." I answered.

Travis went over to the bar and returned with two white wine in his hand. "A
lady doesn't drink beer in this place. They drink wine." He chuckled as he
handed me my glass.

"You learn something every day," I chuckled.

He showed me around the place and it was just beautiful. On the first floor
there were the large bar, a seating area and the lobby where people cam inside.
On the second floor there was a huge dance floor where the DJ was playing the
latest trance and house music. Around the dance floor were what looked like
cages and inside them were the dancers spurring on the guests to dance. They
were dressed rather scarcely and danced in a very provocative way.

"What's on the third floor?" I asked.

"That's the VIP area," Travis winked, "Let's not go there for the moment. Most
of the people their are very keen on _privacy_. So what do you think?"

"It's beautiful, I love it." Before I could say anything else Travis pulled me
on the dance floor and began to move. He leaned forward and whispered in my ear
"Come on Laura, let it go a little. Have some fun!" I started to move to the
music and not for long it was captivating. I started to laugh and have fun, it
did help that Travis was a very good dancer. After about twenty minutes we sat
down at a table downstairs and Travis handed me a black card. In golden letters
it said _Evening Nip VIP_. "Congratulations," he said, "You're a VIP now. You
can come here any time you want. Just show this card to security and they will
let you in. No line, no waiting."

"Why? You don't even know me."

"Let's just say I have a good feeling about you, so does Taliesin otherwise he
wouldn't have sent you here. I'm sorry, but I really need to finish what I was
doing. Have some fun and if you show that card at the bar you can get anything
you want. It's on the house for VIP members. And if you're adventurous enough,
go see what the third floor has to offer."

I sat there for a moment or two, stunned by what just had happened and staring
at that card in my hands. "Guard that with your life," a voice said in my ear.
Startled I turned my head and saw the smiling face of Marisha. She laughed and
sat down next to me. "VIP? Wow, you sure made an impression. I've been here
since it started and I'm just a regular." She reached into her purse and showed
me a pink card with the same golden letters on it. "What did you do to get one
of those? Sleep with the owner?"

"No!," I chuckled, "He just handed me this. I don't know why. It's the first
time I'm here."

"Is that Rosalita's dress? Wow, it looks so much better on you than it does on
him."

"Him?"

"Yeah, Rosa is a drag queen. Didn't you know that?"

"No, really? He looked so --"

"Feminine, yeah that's why he's the star of this place."

"So he is still a he?"

"Yeah, of course. It's just an act. He's as gay as they come though, but he's
still a he." Marisha laughed, "But I do have to say you look so nice. You
should do this more often."

"Oh, Rosa did this. I could never do my makeup like this. He's a magician."

"Yep, he sure is. Oh, wait. He's starting, turn around."

In the back of the seating area a spot light turned on and the most beautiful
woman came on stage, sat down on the bar stool and the music started playing.
Rosa lip synced to perfection and it was like she was actually singing the
song, it was simply breath taking. If you didn't know you was sure he was a
woman. The gentle gestures, the elegance it was almost perfect. When the music
stopped the audience whistled, cheered and clapped. Rosa took a small curtsy
and walked off stage again. "He will be back soon," Marisha explained, "Dress
change."

We kept watching the full performance and it was almost magical what Rosa was
doing on that stage. After five songs and as many changes it was time for the
second act, a burlesque show. A voluptuous woman got on stage and the
striptease she did was just mesmerizing. Just before the big reveal she covered
herself with the biggest feathers I had ever seen and she walked of stage
covering her naked body. I clapped as hard as I could and said "I wish I could
be that graceful."

"Oh you can," Marisha said, "I can teach you. There is an open podium every
Tuesday. We could do a striptease together."

"Oh no. I could never."

"Come on, it will be fun. Besides we don't need to actually show anything. We
could do the same Avalon did. Cover ourselves at the very last moment. Or even
better you could cover me and I could cover you. Come on, it will be so much
fun."

"I don't know. Getting naked in front of an audience? That's not me."

"Why not? Everybody here has seen a naked body before, male of female. Who
cares?"

"I do."

"But you thought Avalon did something good. You were glued to her performance.
I asked you twice if you wanted something to drink, but I just couldn't get
though."

"I was?"

"Yes, you were. Come on, it will be fun. If you don't like it you will never
have to do it again. But at least you can say you've tried."

That actually made a lot of sense and I caved in. Over the next two months
Marisha and I thought of a routine, chose the music and practiced. Along the
way we became friends and I loved having her around. She was just so much fun
to be with and her spontaneity was infecting. We mostly practiced in my
apartment as I had the most space and after practicing we just talked. She was
the first person I told my history and why I had come to Port Verde.

"My lips are sealed," she said, "You can trust me."

As I was sitting in that dressing room I felt nauseous from the nerves. I had
never performed in my life and now I was about the get naked in front of a
group of strangers. What if Marisha was too late? What if someone actually saw
me naked? I was about to tell her I couldn't do it, but she was clearly excited
and I just couldn't let her down. "Remember to count," Marisha said just before
we were about to go on stage. "You can do this, Laura. I won't let you down."
she said.

"Ladies and gentlemen, for one night only. _The Lavish Sisters_!" the speaker
announced us. With my hear racing I stepped onto that stage and took my
starting position. Marisha took her place next to me and on her signal the
music started playing. The lights went on and I could hear the people behind me
cheer and whistle. On queue I turned around, blinded by the two spotlights on
us and I was relieved I couldn't actually see the people watching us. I kept
counting as the act went on, piece by piece I removed the clothing I was
wearing and after about three minutes all that was left were my panties and my
bra. Suddenly I for really scared for Marisha had convinced me to do something
I had never done before. Take off my top and be topless in front of a group of
strangers. I looked at Marisha trying to tell her I didn't want to, but right
on queue I felt her hand on my back and the strap loosening. I turned around
and on the beat I pulled away my top and held it up high. On the next beat
Marisha did the same and right on queue we both turned towards the audience,
her arms covering my breasts and mine covering hers. The light went out and an
enormous roar sounded from the seats. We both rushed to the side and put on
robes we had left there. In total darkness I put on my robes and the crowd kept
on cheering.

"Ladies and gentlemen, give your all for the _LAVISH SISTERS_! What an act,
what an act. Wasn't it, ladies and gentlemen?"

We got back on that stage and this time I could see all their faces, the kept
on clapping, cheering and I felt a rush I had never felt before. Adrenaline was
rushing through my veins and I couldn't stop laughing. "Thank you. Thank you
all." I kept saying, even send some air kisses to the audience. Totally elated
I rushed off stage with Marisha and we hugged as we were jumping.

"This was so -- exhilarating!" I shouted.

"Want to do it again?" Marisha asked.

"Oh I don't know. How about next week? Oh wow, I didn't know how exciting this
would be and you were right on time. I was so scared you wouldn't be."

"I told you I wouldn't let you down."

We got dressed, took off our makeup and joined the guests in the club. All I
heard was compliments about our act and a few minute later Travis said the
same. "You should really think about performing here," he said, "You can still
do your day job and earn a little on the side here. We pay decently and you get
all the tips the guests give you. Think about it and come back to me."

A week later Marisha and I did another performance of the same act and again it
was a huge success. Being on that stage was so addictive, I never knew I would
like doing such a thing before but I really did.
