# Taboo
_an erotic tale by Transgirl_

## Chapter One
My divorce had been hard on my son, we had been married for fourteen years. He
proposed when I found out I was pregnant, a thing he said was the right thing
to do and we were so in love back then. Having a child made us have to struggle
through college, but somehow we made it work. Straight out of college we both
got good jobs and in over the years we both got promoted a couple of times.
Something our marriage couldn't cope with. We started fighting, ignoring each
other and our love slowly died because of it.

My ex had found new love with someone from his work and he finally got what he
had always wished for, a daughter. Her name was Ashley and my son was so proud
when he got to hold her for the first time. "Your going to be a great big
brother," his father had said. Now that she was almost one year old he sure
stepped up for the challenge. Having a little half-sister helped him get out of
that black hole he had pushed himself in and I was so happy to see that.

I on the other hand had totally immersed myself in work, I just couldn't cope
being in the house we used to be so happy in, but I also didn't want to move
for Ronins sake. This way he could stay in school, have all of his friends and
didn't have to adjust to new surroundings. It was my problem to deal with, not
his. After he turned sixteen he had offered for us to move several times. "I
don't mind," he had said, "There are a lot of apartments available near my
school, we could just move into one of those. I know it's cheaper than staying
here."

"But what about your room, your friends?"

"That's not all that important to me," he replied, "I can adjust. I'm sixteen
mom and moving places is just a part of life. Besides, it won't be long and I'm
off to college. It might be best if we move into something smaller."

"Why are you so mature? Why can't you stay that little boy I used to know."

"Sorry mom. Can't help it." he chuckled.

After searching for a month we found a suitable apartment downtown, but still
near his school. "This is great mom," Ronin said, "I could have this room and
did you see that view?"

"I did," I smiled, "It's great."

"But? I sense a but coming up."

"But, what about your friends. This is farther than we talked about."

"I don't care mom. I'm getting my license and can get a job so I can get my own
car."

"Getting your license? Who agreed to that?"

"Dad did. He signed for my learners permit."

"He did? Oh, didn't know that. I will have to talk to him about it."

"Why? I've been driving with him for weeks now. I can almost get my license."

"I won't stand in your way. It's okay. I just would have loved if he talked
about it."

"Thanks mom."

We moved into that apartment a few weeks later. I had to admit having a lower
mortgage to pay was a blessing and living closer to the city was wonderful. I
had never liked living in the suburbs anyway. The mere fact I could get on the
subway to go to work was a breath of relieve. Maybe I could even make some new
friends or reconnect with the friends I lost when I moved all across the
country for my ex. Ronin was happy too, his new room had a wonderful view over
the city and he was closer to his school than we were in the old house. My ex
however was not so happy, he sued us for the extra money we got from selling
the house. Something that started a wedge in his relationship with Ronin. One
afternoon my son came home and I knew something was up. "He's such a bastard
for doing this to you and I told him so," he shouted.

To both of our surprise my ex dropped the suit a day after that argument with
my son and we agreed to put the extra money into a college fund for Ronin,
something I was more than happy to do.

It took us some time to get adjusted to our new situation. Even though the
apartment had everything we needed it was a lot smaller than our old house.
"For me it's just another two years or so," Ronin said one day, "But will you
be okay here?"

"Yes. Yes I will be more than okay here," I promised here, "Don't worry about
me. It's just that being married to your father made me loose most of my
friends. My social life consists of the people I work with."

"Why don't you try going out again?"

"What me? Where could I go? I'm far to old to go to clubs."

"Nah, you wouldn't stand out," he smiled, "You're still beautiful mom."

"That's a biased opinion," I laughed, "You're my son. You _have_ to say that."

"No," he replied, "That's the opinion of my friends. Frankly? I don't see it,
you're just an old hag and are those crow's feet I see there?"

"Shut up!" I punched him and laughed.

But maybe he had been right, maybe it was me holding me back. Maybe I should
just put myself out there again. But where could I go? I didn't know any of the
bars of restaurants out here and dating one of my co-workers? No! No one at my
office would fit someone I would like to date. Besides most of them were
married anyways and I didn't want to become one of those homewreckers I had
heard stories about.

One Saturday morning I woke up to the sound of the shower. I checked my alarm
on the nightstand, it was just after eight in the morning. "Why is he up
already?" I asked myself and got out of bed. After putting on my robe I stepped
into the hallway leading to the living room. As I made my way over I noticed
the door to the bathroom being ajar. As I moved in to close it I couldn't help
seeing my son standing in front of the mirror shaving. I smiled and just as I
was about to close the door my eyes went down south. I gasped softly when I saw
what he had between his legs. "Wow," I thought, "How can he even walk with
that? It's so big." Immediately I dismissed that thought and told myself I
shouldn't think that way about my son.

"Please close the door the next time," I said out loud and walked over to the
kitchen. As I stood there making us both some coffee the image of my son popped
back into my head. "I wonder how big it will get when..." I thought, "No Laura,
you can't think like that. He's your son!" But it had been such a long time
since I had felt a man touching me, let alone the rest of it. The last few
years of our marriage my ex had been sleeping in another room and I was not the
person to cheat on him, even as we were going through a divorce.

"Morning mom," Ronins voice startled me a little. "Guilty feelings?" he asked
with a chuckle.

"No," I said a little to quickly, "No, not at all. Why do you ask?"

"You always said it when I got startled. That's all."

"Oh yes. So, why are you up so early?"

"Football practice," he replied, "Did you forget?"

"Oh right," I blushed, "Was that today?"

"Duh, yeah." He looked so fine in his boxers and tight shirt. It was the first
time I didn't just see my son, I saw a young muscular man standing next to me.
I rush went through my body, my nipples hardened and I tried my best not to
think that way, it was just too strong a feeling to simply dismiss. I felt my
juices starting flowing and before Ronin could sense anything I said "Excuse
me, I will just take a shower now. Have a good practice. What time will you be
home?"

"Around noon, I guess."

In the shower I looked at myself in the mirror. "What are you thinking Laura,"
I whispered, "You can't think that way about him. He's your son, for God's
sake. You have to stop thinking that." I took off my robe and my nightgown. I
checked my body in the mirror, even checked my ass as best I could. "I've still
got it," I thought, "Maybe I should get out there again." I started to run the
shower so it would get warm, as the sound of the shower filled the room I felt
more secure talking a little louder. "Why do I feel this way?" I said to myself
in the mirror as the room steamed up. I stepped into the shower booth, the
water felt great. "I should wash my hair," I thought and bent over to get the
shampoo.

Just as I was about to start washing I noticed the door wasn't quite closed. I
swore I could see two eyes looking at me. That same rush I had felt earlier
came over me. In stead of shouting for him to close the door, I turned around
and continued washing my hair, cracking a little smile as I was doing it. I
bent my left knee a little just to make my hips tilt a little. "If he's
watching me I can just as well give him a little show," I thought. Then I heard
Ronin shout from the living room "I'm going mom. See you at noon." Fear struck
me when I heard his voice. If he wasn't the one watching me then who was?

"Okay honey," I shouted back, "have a nice day."

After I heard the front door open and close, I got out of the shower and very
carefully walked toward the door. Soap and water dripping on the floor left a
small trail behind me. As I slowly opened the door my eyes fell on the photo of
Ronin on the wall opposite the door. I chuckled, closed the door this time and
continued my shower. Half an hour later I walked into the living room, wearing
just my robe and a towel on my head to dry my hair. I made myself another cup
of coffee when the whole shower situation popped back into my head. I chuckled
softly and looked out the window enjoying the view over the city below.

"Why did I even think that way?" I thought, "What's wrong with me? I shouldn't
think that way. He's my son. On the other hand he does have a body to die for.
Stop it already Laura. This totally inappropriate." I took a sip of my coffee
and just enjoyed the view out of our apartment. "Maybe I'll just go shopping,
to get my mind off of things." Just a little while later I grabbed my purse and
went out the door. Living near downtown made going shopping a lot easier,
finally I embraced the freedom that came with being divorced. "Maybe a new
dress will cheer me up." I perused the mall near our apartment for a while
before I sat down in a coffee shop for a latte machiato. It had been a long
time since I last had treated me on a day like this and I wanted to enjoy every
second of it.

Just before noon I went back home, got on the subway with my arms filled with
bags. A man sat down next to me and smiled "That's a lot of bags," he smiled,
"You remind me of my wife, she can't go shopping without returning with ten or
twelve of those bags either."

"That's us women for you," I chuckled. He was quite a handsome man and I would
have loved to get to know him if it hadn't been for that ring on his finger. He
was polite enough the stand up when we reached my stop. As I opened the door I
noticed Ronin was home already. "Ronin?" I shouted, "Some help please." There
was no answer and after struggling for a bit I managed to close the door and
drop my bags on the dining table. "Ronin?" I tried once more and walked towards
his room. There were some noises coming from his room and I wondered what it
could be.

Suddenly I heard a female voice and thought "Does he have a girl in there?". I
felt a little proud of my son and happy for whoever was in there. "She did make
a good catch," I thought and smiled. As I got closer the voice became clearer
and I gasped when I heard her say "Oh yes, deeper. Faster. I am so close." What
was he doing in there? I took off my shoes so I could get closer quietly. I
sneaked towards his half open door and as I peeked inside I couldn't believe
what I was seeing. He was laying on his bed, his laptop in front of him and he
was jerking off to a video of an older woman with a boy his age on top of her.
"Oh yes," I heard her pant, "I love it when you fuck me. Fuck me hard son. Fuck
your mother for the whore she is."

"What the fuck!" I thought, "Is he watching incest porn?" Then my eyes fell on
that huge dick of his. "Wow," I thought, "It's so big. He's going to make some
girl really happy one day." I couldn't stop watching him jerk his ginormous
penis, it was just so thick. I resisted the urge to just barge in and grab it,
instead I pressed my back against the wall separating the two of us. Clearly he
didn't know I was home already, let alone I was so close to him listening to
all the sounds coming from his room. "Oh yes, yes, fuck me my son," I heard the
woman pant, "Give me your cum. Make me pregnant. I want to carry our
lovechild."

Hearing those sounds coming from his room excited me, more than I liked to
admit. With my left hand I squeezed my boobs, I licked my lips and with my
right hand I lifted up my dress until I could rub my clit through my panties. I
was getting so wet listening to him jerk off to a video like that. Suddenly I
realized what I was doing, shook my head and rushed back to the living room as
fast and quietly as I could. In the kitchen I took some deep breaths to clear
my mind and I put my shoes back on. Softly I opened the door again and slammed
it shut. "Ronin? Are you home?" I shouted once more. Just seconds later a
flustered boy ran into the room.

"Mom? You're home?" he stumbled over his words.

"Yeah, just got home," I lied whilst trying to act as normal as possible.

"Wow, you bought a lot," he said with a red face, "I was just in my room...
doing homework."

"Okay," I said, "That's good. Want to go for ice cream? It's such a nice day."

"No!" he said a little to fast, "No, thanks. I'm going over to Liam's. We're
going to see a movie this afternoon."

"Oh, which one?"

"I have no idea. There's one he really wanted to see and he didn't want to go
alone. Should be one of those fantasy ones he really likes."

"That's nice, have fun. Just make sure your homework is done."

"Almost," he replied, "It wasn't that much."

When he went back into his room I couldn't resist a chuckle. "I know what you
were doing in there boy. Maybe next time I will watch you cum." That thought
was immediately followed by "No Laura! That's just wrong." I could feel
something had changed within me, something I couldn't explain. I just couldn't
stop thinking about seeing him in his room with his lid in his hand watching a
porn move with a woman that could have been me. "Okay Laura, time to think
about something else," I told myself. I sat down in my favorite spot
overlooking the city below with a cup of coffee in my hands.

Now that my son was going to the movies with a friend I had to decide what I
was going to do for the rest of the day. That all started with me putting away
all the new things I had bought. I spent a few minutes holding that new dress I
had bought in front of me. It was way sexier than anything I had bought before.
"Ryan would have hated this," I chuckled. My ex was the more conservative of
the both of us and now I could finally let it go. Because we had gotten married
so young I had never really spread my wings to find out who I really was
inside and I was determined to find out now that I had found my freedom.

It wasn't until we moved into that apartment that I realized how restricted my
life had been. The simple fact it was up to me to decide to sell the house and
where we were going to live from that point forward was the thing that forced
that realization. After clearing away my purchases and doing some cleaning I
stood in front of that window again, this time with a big smile on my face. The
transition from being a married woman to a single one had finally completed.

As it was the weekend and our new apartment had a nice balcony with a lot of
sun I decided I would work on my tan. "I didn't buy that lounge chair for
nothing," I thought, got the sunscreen from the bathroom, something to drink
and a good book. I smeared sunscreen all over my body and made myself
comfortable. As with a lot of things it had been a while since I last had
allowed myself to relax like this. After spending some time in the sun I
checked if anyone could see me and with a giggle I removed my top, covered my
boobs with sunscreen and laid down again. The sun felt so good on my naked
boobs. "Ronin isn't home so this isn't inappropriate," I thought and smiled.

Suddenly I heard the front door open, in a panic I scrambled for my bikini top.
As I did so I almost fell off the chair. "Mom?" I heard from the living room.
Ronin was standing there, frozen as he saw me covering my naked boobs with my
left arm. "I.. am.. so sorry" I stumbled. I dove behind a chair when I saw some
of his friends walk in behind him. "Let's go to my room," I heard Ronin say,
"I've gotten a new game I want to show you." The boys all went into his room
giving me time to put on my top and rush into my room to cover myself. Once in
my room, with my back against the closed door I started to giggle. Somehow,
despite how embarrassing it was, it was also very exciting. "Did anyone of them
see my breasts?" I thought and instead of feeling horror I felt excitement.

I put on a simple dress after which a knock on my door startled me. "Who is
it?" I asked. It was Ronin. I opened the door slightly and he whispered "What
were you thinking mom?"

"I thought you were going to see a movie," I replied, "Didn't know you were
coming home so soon. And with friends?"

"Yeah, sorry about that," he replied, "We decided to do something else and then
I wanted to show them our apartment. I should have called first, but I didn't
know you would be ... like that."

"Yeah," I blushed, "so sorry about that."

"Okay, I will go back now. Please be decent from now on."

"Don't worry," I said, "I'll be staying in here. Too embarrassed."

"I'm sure no one saw you mom. You hid pretty well. Matt even asked where you
were. I told him you were out or something."

"Thank you," I replied, "I can act like I just came home."

In the days after we learned no one actually had seen me but Ronin. Much to my
relieve. At work however I couldn't think about anything else but me being
topless on the balcony. Just the risk of getting caught by my neighbors or when
Ronin walked in with his friends excited me. "Miss Bailey?" a voice startled
me.

"Yes? What's up Ashley?"

"Mr Brooks wants to see you."

"Now? It's almost five?"

"Yeah, he said it was important."

Slightly anxious I walked over to his office, it wasn't normal for him to call
for me this late in a day. I knocked on his door and entered after he said to
do so. He was sitting behind his desk going through some papers. "You wanted to
see me?" I said.

"Ah yes, sit down Laura. This won't take long."

He kept going through some things before he looked at me and said "We've been
going through some hard times lately and well, there's no easy way to say this
but we have to cut down on some people. I'm sorry to inform you that you are
one of the people we have to let go."

"What? Why? I've been working the longest here."

"Yes, that's true. But we can't afford an in house lawyer anymore. Now if you
were to become a consultant? That would be another story, but for now we don't
have much of a choice. It's either you or six workers. We do need the workers
the hardest though."

"I see," I whispered, "Is there any way I can change your mind? I mean I just
bought a new apartment and I can't afford not working."

"We understand. That's why, in your case, we decided to trigger the severance
payment. You will be getting a good amount that should last you some time. On
top of that we will buy all the stocks you have accumulated over the years.
According to HR that should all ad up to ... 275,982 dollars and 64 cents. Oh,
I almost forgot the bonus, that's another 10,000."

"That's most gracious of you and thank you for that offer. I still rather work
though."

"Yes, I'm sure you do and we did not take this decision lightly. But still we
do think this was, sorry to say, the best option for us."

"I understand. Should I clear my office then?"

"That's why we waited till the end of day. So you wouldn't be that embarrassed
by it."

"Thanks," I said somewhat sarcastically, "But I do want to say goodbye to
everyone. Would it be okay if I clear everything tomorrow?"

"Sure Laura," he replied, "That would be more than okay."

Suddenly my whole life had turned upside down. Not only was I now divorced, I
had moved into an apartment and lost my job. What was I going to do now? At
least the money I got would last us some time and luckily enough the judge had
decided that all the money I earned was solely mine, so my ex couldn't claim
any of it. I got on the subway feeling rather down and just wanted to get home.

The train was filled with people going places and I found a spot where I could
stand. "What am I going to do?" I thought, "I can't just be home all the time.
I want to work. Maybe I should take some time just to relax and think of what I
am going to do in the future." As I stood there thinking about the situation I
felt a hand on my ass, softly squeezing my cheeks. "What the fuck!" I thought,
but at the same time I liked it too. I changed my position but mere seconds
later the hand was back on my butt. I tried to find out who it was, but no one
stood out. They were all just doing there thing and not anyone specific stood
out to me.

Still I was glad I had reached my stop and rushed out of the station. I stopped
by the grocery store to get some thing for dinner that evening and made my way
back to the apartment. I placed the groceries on the bar separating the kitchen
from the living area and started clearing away everything in the brown paper
bags. When I was done all I wanted was to change into something comfortable.
"At least I don't have to wear these silly suits for a while," I thought,
"That's at least something good."

As I went over to my bedroom I heard those sounds coming from my sons bedroom
again. This time a female voice said "Oh no! Stop it! You shouldn't do that to
your mother!" I sneaked over and to my excitement his door was ajar. He was
laying on his bad again watching a porn with his huge dick in his hand. This
time I just kept watching as he was jerking himself. "Oh yes mom," I heard him
pant, "I love your boobs. Come and suck my cock, mom! I know you want to." I
covered my mouth as not to make too much noise. I kept watching him as my hands
went up to my breasts, softly squeezing them. He started jerking faster, his
eyes shut and a grim face. "Oh yes mom! That's it! Keep sucking me mom! I'm
almost there."

My mouth fell open as I watched my son cum hard. Wads and wads of semen were
thrown in the air, landing on his body. Seeing that made me wish it was me it
landed on. Totally fixated on his big dick I almost groaned myself, but I just
about could hold it in. I rushed into my bedroom, closed the door behind me and
just dropped down on my bed. "My God, that was a lot of cum," I thought and
licked my lips. "Laura! What are you doing?" I thought immediately after, "This
is so wrong. I just can't help it! I need a away to seduce him. To see if he
really is into this. Maybe I should wear something sexy tonight. Just to see
how he will react."

Thirty minutes later I walked into the living room, Ronin was sitting on the
couch watching some football game. "Hey," I said, "Didn't know you were home
already. How was school today?" I had decided to just wear something
comfortable and not go for the sexy look just yet because I had to tell him I
had been fired first and I didn't want to do that wearing some sexy outfit.

"The same as yesterday," he responded, "Nothing special."

"Okay, I've got some news today though."

"Really, what?"

"Well, it's not good. They let me go. I don't work there anymore."

"What? Why?"

"Cutbacks. But as I worked the longest they did give me a generous offer and we
should be okay for a while. So don't worry. I will find a new job soon enough."

"Okay, any ideas on what you want to do now?"

"No clue," I said, "I think I might just take a week or two. Just to relax,
I've been working there ever since I left college. I haven't had a decent
vacation in like years."

"Good on you, mom. Take the time if you can. You've earned it. And you know
what? I might get a job too. Just to help out. What do you think?"

"I think that's sweet, but not necessary. If you get a job the money you earn
is yours to do with whatever you want."

"Sure, and I want to contribute. Let's say 150 dollars a month, as a form of
rent. That way I pay for some of the groceries."

"Again, sweet but not necessary. I won't stop you, I just wanted you to know."

Saying goodbye to all the people in the office felt strange as I had been
working there for so long, yet at the same time it felt liberating. The last
cord to my old life was cut and now there was nothing in my life reminding me
of those years anymore, except for Ronin that was. As I got back in my car I
took one last look at the building and drove off. Watching it get smaller in my
rear view mirror felt liberating. As I drove home I realized why I had opted to
go by subway to work, the traffic was killing me at times. As I stood still in
a sea of cars I wondered what I should do in the future. Maybe that consultancy
idea wasn't a bad idea. It would mean I would be my own boss and could work for
multiple companies instead of going to the same office day after day.

As I waited for the jam to clear I decided to at least look into that idea. It
was worth a shot and there had been some offers to come work for another
company. So the interest might be there. That conclusion made me feel better
about losing my job and as if to illustrate my feelings the clouds broke
revealing the sun behind them. "Yes," I said out loud, "This could be a good
thing after all."

## Chapter Two
It had been three months since I had lost my job and I had kept myself busy
researching and starting up my own consultancy. The first three weeks I had
allowed myself time off and I spent most of that time just doing the things I
wanted to do, like sunbathing, going shopping and other things that made me
happy. Then I forced myself into a normal regime again. I got up at 8 in the
morning, helped Ronin get ready for school, took a shower, got dressed and sat
down at the dining table to spent a few hours working on my own little company.

Having a regular schedule was simply something I needed. During that time
someone pointed out a seminar for people like me, people who wanted to start
their own company. As it was free I applied to go and it was there that I met
this woman who was trying to get her idea off the ground too. We started
talking and it was apparent we clicked. Talking on that seminar led to getting
coffee, which led to getting a drink at times, which led to visiting each other
at home. "Isn't it strange where you get to meet people you really like," she
said one night when we were at a bar getting a drink.

"Yeah, I thought so too. But I don't mind."

"Neither do I. So tell me Laura, any new guys in your life."

"Oh no, after fourteen years of marriage I'm happy to be on my own."

"Oh but I'm sure you have your needs." she winked.

I blushed as we had been friend for a while now but talking about that felt a
little uncomfortable for me still.

"I didn't want to embarrass you," she said quickly, "I'm so sorry. I'm usually
quite open about that."

"It's okay. It's just me. I've never talked about those things so easily."

"I will remember that. I am so sorry."

"Ah, forget it. And sure I have my needs, but just don't feel like throwing
myself out there just yet. I'm not ready for that, you know?"

"Oh for sure. But I see it like falling of a horse. If you don't get up on it
right away, you might get too scared to do so."

"You might be right. It just doesn't feel right, I can't explain."

"Okay, well maybe we should train your mind a little then. Lets see. What about
that guy over there? He's cure."

"Oh no, no mustache, no beard. I hate that."

"Okay. I've got it. Look over to your right. That guy sitting at the bar. Broad
shoulders, nice torso and God what a gorgeous smile."

"Does your husband like you looking at guys?"

"Oh he doesn't mind," she laughed, "He even likes it."

"He does? Isn't he jealous or something?"

"No, why should he be? He knows I will always end up in his bed at the end of
the day. I love him too much not to."

"Wow. My ex would get jealous of my make co-workers. I used to tell him I
couldn't possibly not talk to my boss. But he was just so jealous all the
time. Even when we were getting a divorce. It was okay for him to have a
girlfriend but me? I couldn't even think about having a romance with someone."

"Possessive much? No Matt is the total opposite of that. He always tells
everybody he doesn't own me and I love him for that. We're true partners in
every aspect of life. He's my soulmate, my lover and my best friend ever. I
trust him with my life. Like the other day. Someone called if it was okay for
me to help them with something. He said 'You have to ask her. She's not my
property.' and I just melted."

"I wish I had something like that. Not now, but at some point."

"You will have. Just be clear from the get go. You are your own woman with your
own salary and your own things. If he wants to be a part of that, okay. If not
then they know where to go and fuck themselves."

I laughed as I had never met someone as direct as Marisha before and it felt
like a breath of fresh air to me. Over the next few weeks we got closer until
she was my best friend. Whenever she called or texted lit up my day. Ronin
liked her too which was the best confirmation for me.

The office I sat in was cramped and a little dusty. I was waiting for the
notary to come in with the papers I needed to sign. The last step in creating
my own consultancy, _Moonlight Enterprises_. I didn't want the word consultancy
in the name as it felt too restricted to me. This way I could branch out into
other fields if I wanted to. After about ten minutes the notary came in and
handed me a stack of papers. "You don't have to sign them right away. I suggest
you let them read by a lawyer and get them approved first. Just return them to
me by the end of the week."

"Well, it's a good thing I'm a lawyer then," I replied.

"You are? But this isn't just standard stuff."

"No I know. I'm a corporate lawyer, I know all the rules. Or at least I'm
supposed to."

"Ah good, good. Read them, sign them and get them back to me. Your new business
should be alive by next week."

"Thank you for all your help," I said as I got up. As I was putting the papers
in my bag the old man stood up too.

"It was nice meeting you miss Bailey," he said with a smile on his face.

"Almost there," I said to myself as I left his office. "Just a few more steps
and I should be able to get some work." I was totally excited to see how much
would come of this and with a new flair of excitement about the future I went
home. I placed my bag on the table and called for Ronin to see if he was home.

Not long after he rushed in holding a camera in his hand. "See what I got!" he
shouted, "It was on sale and it's so good. I can do anything I want with this
one. It can take pictures but video too. It's such a cool camera."

"Why did you buy that?"

"Remember how I loved to take pictures with dad's old camera. Well, today we
had a test on what you would like to do for work and where your interests lie.
Well, mine said to do something with either photography or videography. And
they were right! I love taking pictures and I love editing videos. I've been
doing it for friends for a while now, just as a hobby. I think I might apply
for a college where they teach it."

"Wow, I've never seen you so excited about something besides football."

"I know! There is this after school project that I really would like to join
mom. They do all kinds of things with photography and videos. I went to see
them today and I could even learn how to work in a darkroom. Imagine that?
Developing my own photos. Can I mom? Please?"

"What about football?"

"Ah, it's not that I'm the star player. I could never get a scholarship with
football, but the dean said I could with photography. He saw some of the photos
I have on my FamBook and he loved them."

"Did he? Really? Well, okay. But you have to choose, it's either football or
this."

"Thanks mom," he screamed, "I totally want to do this. I'm so excited."

"I can see that," I chuckled as it was so nice to see those sparkles in his
eyes again. Plus how could I deny him anything, he had bought that camera from
the money he had earned working at the movie theater. So it seemed to me that
it wasn't just a fling otherwise he wouldn't have spent that kind of money on
it. He just wasn't like that. He took after his father in that aspect.

A few days later I sat down at the dining table, Ronin on one side, Marisha on
the other. The three of us staring at a black screen counting down from 5
minutes to zero. "Oh this is so exciting," Marisha squealed, "I never knew a
countdown clock could be this exciting."

"10.. 9.. 8.. 7.." Ronin counted out loud, "Almost mom, almost."

"4.. 3.. 2.. 1.." The black screen made place for a beautifully designed
website. "Moonlight Enterprises, for all your consultancy needs." it read on
top. "Need a corporate lawyer with more than 10 years of experience? Moonlight
Enterprises offers corporate law in a package especially designed for you at a
very affordable price." Underneath was the phone number of my new cell phone.

"Yay!" Marisha cheered, "You're life! Congratulations! You rock girl! You rock!
It's beautiful."

"And expensive," I added laughing, "But it was worth it."

"Congratulations mom," Ronin said as he started to click around on the website.
When he saw the photo of me he said "Oh no! That's really old. We need to get
you a new one. I could take your photos for you! Or maybe I could work for you,
as freelance photographer."

"Maybe at some point," I replied, "But I wouldn't mind if you took a new photo
of me. For free of course."

"Of course," Ronin chuckled, "You're my mom and I would never..."

"Yeah, yeah. We both know you would," I interrupted him, "But it's time to
celebrate. Moonlight Enterprises has officially launched. Tomorrow I will be
spending time going from office to office handing out information so they know
I exist. I might even drop by my old employer, just to see their reaction."

"You do that girl," Marisha said, "Show them who's boss."

The next day I did as I had said, went from office to office handing out my
information and it worked. As I was making my rounds I got my first call asking
for more information and I told them to send me an e-mail so we could work on
the details. Three days later I walked into the office of my first official
client. They needed a second opinion on some contracts and after spending a few
hours reading all of it I handed them a nice report.

"Wow, this is very thorough," the manager said when he saw what I had written.
Not only had I laid out the pros and cons of the contract, I had also added
potential earnings of either choice for their company. After reading it through
he said "We might ask for your input more often, thank you for this. It's very
helpful for us."

"You're welcome the invoice is in the mail," I replied.

"We will take care of it as soon as possible. Whatever you're charging, it's
worth it." he replied with a smile, "And I would love to leave a review on your
site if that is possible."

"We're currently working on it, I will let you know when it's ready."

"I can't wait."

With that my company had officially completed it's first job and I was just
over the moon. One order led to another and another. It wasn't long until I had
to start saying no, I just didn't have the time to do them all. My calendar was
full until a few months in the future and it looked bright.

After working all day I sat down on my couch just relaxing after a long day
reading contracts and being on the phone. Ronin walked in totally excited.
"Mom, you won't believe it. I showed that photo I took of you for the website
and my teacher loved it. He gave me an assignment to take some more portraits,
this time however a more relaxed pose. Could you help me? I already asked
Marisha and I'm going over there later tonight. I need at least ten portraits."

"Okay, after dinner."

"So where do you want me," I said after we had done the dishes.

"Oh no mom. You have to change into something nice. Like you are going on a
date. Do your hair, makeup and whatever it is you need to do. Put on something
nice. The topic we got was _glamorous_, so you need to look that way."

"Okay, but that will take a minute."

"Sure, I need to setup anyway. So take your time."

Twenty minutes later I walked into our living room, now transformed into a
photo studio. "Where did you get those lights?" I asked.

"Oh borrowed them from school. Aren't they great. It's to get the lighting just
right."

"Did you carry it all?"

"Yeah, it's not that heavy. It's all super light weight. This one for example
costs almost 1,100 dollars. It's professional stuff."

"Wow, I didn't know that."

"You can sit there and just look into the camera."

I did as I was told, smiled and with a flash the first photo was taken. Ronin
gave me instructions on how to stand, how to smile, did something to my hair to
adjust it a little and photo after photo he took. I had never known it could be
so much fun working with my son. When I saw the results on his laptop I was
just blown away. "Oh my, you're really good at this Ronin," I said, "Never
knew. But you really are. Wow, I am so proud!"

"Thanks mom," he said, "I never knew I would like it so much. I really want to
do this when I grow up."

"I think you should."

When he returned home after shooting Marisha he showed me those too. They all
just were amazing and I had never felt more proud of my son. He was just so
happy doing this and that made me happy too. He got some more people to pose
for him, mostly parents of his friends. The result was just so good he got to
show them at the yearly parent day at school. His photos were in a make shift
gallery and almost everybody who went in to see them was impressed. To see him
that proud was just the best.

Life went on for a few months and I settled into my new routine. I had made
some adjustments in my fees so I could have more time to myself. The clients I
had didn't have any issue with paying me a little more. I never started my
business to grow, it was merely so I could be my own boss and still make a
decent living. The result however was better than I expected and I made more
than I had ever done at my old job. Life was good and little did I know it was
about to get even better.

One Saturday morning I got up to find my son sitting in the living room. He
looked a little down. "What's wrong?" I asked him.

"It's not important," he said, "It's just something I have to do for school and
I don't know how to start."

"Okay, maybe I can help."

"No, you can't. I couldn't ask you."

"Ask me what. Come on Ronin, you know you can talk to me about anything."

"I know, but this is something I just can't do."

"Okay, now you've made me worry. What is it?"

He looked at me with a red face that almost made me laugh. "Don't laugh," he
said, "It's hard enough already." I calmed down and waited for him to talk.
"Well, we have these assignments for photography class. And this time it is
something ... hard."

"Hard? Like what? Rocks?" I chuckled.

Ronin rolled his eyes and said "No mom. Nudes. I need to find someone who is
willing to pose for me naked."

"What? You're only sixteen! Who ever..."

"I know mom, I know. It's not a porn thing or whatever. They can cover the
important bits. It's just... I don't know who to ask and then how could I ask?
What could I say? _Hi, would you like to pose naked for me?_ I don't know."

I was stunned for a moment. Didn't know what to say. At first I wanted to just
pick up the phone and call the teacher to give him or her a piece of my mind.
Then I realized nudes were a thing in art. Photos, paintings, statues, nudes
were almost everywhere in art history.

"Well," I said softly, "As long as they can't see it's me, I might be able to
help you. I mean, that way it isn't that awkward for you."

"Not awkward? You posing for me naked? No!"

"But it would solve your problem wouldn't it? I mean as long as they can't see
it's me, I would me willing to help you."

"Really? No, you're my mother..."

"Well, I've got nothing to do all day. We could do it today if you want to."

"That would be nice, but we can't, can we?"

Three hours later Ronin was back with all the gear he needed and was setting up
in the living room once more. I was in my bedroom feeling very anxious. "Why
did I offer to do this?" I thought, "What if someone does recognize me?" But I
had promised my son I would do this and I never broke my promises to him. When
he shouted he was ready, I took a long look at myself in the mirror, took a
deep breath and walked out my door. Ronin had placed our couch in the middle of
the room and covered it with a white sheet. Behind it was a large white wall he
had raised covering the rest of the space. "You can sit down there," he said
with a broke voice.

I pointed out what he wanted me to do and before I knew it it was time. I got
up, turned my back to him, took off my robe and sat down again. When I had
taken the position he wanted me in I said "I'm ready." Ronin turned around,
gave me some more instructions and a flash indicated the first photo was taken.
He gave some more pointers and took some more photos of me sitting on that
couch, totally naked. When he was done he turned around again so I could cover
myself.

When I saw the photos I was amazed. They were just beautiful. My arms covered
my breasts just enough to not show anything, my body was turned away just
enough to still have that sexy feel and the fact my head was turned away from
the camera with my hair covering all of my face, the pictures were simply
amazing. Now that the first set was done I felt a little more secure and
whispered "Maybe we should take some more. I could lower my arms a little more
or position my legs a little more to the camera. What do you say?"

I sat down again, this time I didn't wait for Ronin to turn away as I took off
my robe. I wanted him to see me naked, I wanted to see his reaction and I got
exactly what I wanted. We took another series of photos, with every single one
I turned a little more to the camera. In the last ones I looked straight into
the lens, my breasts fully exposed and my legs spread just enough to show a
glimpse of my vagina. I could see Ronin getting more and more aroused by it and
so was I.

When it was done I walked over to him, totally naked still and we looked at the
photos he had taken of me. "They are wonderful," I said, "But you know you
can't use the last ones, don't you?" He nodded and I smiled. Standing naked
next to my son excited me to the core and when I looked into his eyes,
something came over me. I reached for his hand and as I stared into his eyes I
placed them on my breasts. "I wanted this for so long," I whispered, "Ever
since I saw you watching those videos."

"You saw that?" he panted.

I nodded and pulled him to the couch. I sat down and he stood in front of me. I
looked up into his eyes and unzipped his pants. Slowly I pulled them down
together with his boxers. His lid stood into attention as soon as it was
released. Slowly I took it into my hand and started stroking him. "I want
this," I whispered, "I need this. It's been so long. I can't hold it in any
longer. I want you!"

Ronin didn't say a word as I leaned forward and licked his lid. I closed my
eyes, opened my mouth and took him in. He tasted so good. I was gentle at
first, exploring my sons cock with my tongue. Then I took him as deep as I
could, feeling his tip brush against the back of my throat felt wonderful and I
placed my hands on his but to push him in deeper. I gagged as he reached the
deepest and I loved it. It didn't take long for him to start moaning.

"I've dreamed of this," he whispered, "Never knew you wanted it too."

I looked up to him, got up, took his hand and guided him to my bedroom. There I
undressed him, pushed him on my bed and got on top of him. "You can't tell
anyone about this. You understand don't you. This has to be our secret!" He
nodded and I slowly sat down on him. "Oh yes!" I panted as my sons cock slid
inside my o so wet pussy. "I wanted you for so long," I panted once he was all
the way inside me. I leaned down and as soon as my full breasts touched hist
torso I felt a jolt going through my body. I kissed my son for the first time,
our tongues danced around each other and I started to move my hips.

Feeling my own sons throbbing cock inside me made me cum almost instantly. "Oh
my God, I'm cumming already! Oh my God! You feel so good inside me son. You
really do. You make your own mother cum on that beautiful cock of yours." With
a suppressed scream an orgasm rolled through my body. I raised myself up after
and stared to ride my own son. He started to moan and I loved every second of
it. "Oh yes. How does that feel? Do you like my pussy?"

Ronin nodded and panted "I love it." Then out of nowhere he grabbed my arms,
threw me on my back, spread my legs wide and plowed his big cock inside me. He
took control of the situation and started to slam his big dick deep inside me,
I could feel his tip touch my cervix and I moaned with every thrust. "Oh yes,
fuck your mother. Fuck me as hard as you can. I love it, I love fucking my own
son. Give it to me honey. I want it. Come inside your own mother! I want you to
cum deep inside my pussy! I am yours! You can fuck me any time you want baby!
Anywhere you want! I am yours!"

"So you like my cock? You slut! You WHORE! I'm going to fuck you all the time,
no matter if you want to or not!"

"Yes, yes, I am yours. Fuck me! Cum for me! Cum for mamma!"
