# My Dirty Little Secret
_a series of erotic tales by Transgirl_

## Turning Tricks

### Chapter One
The car radio was playing one of my favorite songs and I just looked out the
window from the backseat of the car. My parents were sitting in front, as usual
my father was driving. We had left the house three hours before and were on the
way to the college of my dreams. I had worked hard to get admitted and was so
happy when I got the acceptance letter. But now it all was becoming real I
didn't feel quite that way, I was more anxious about what was to come.

Even though we had talked for a while a week before I was mostly anxious about
meeting my new roommate for real. Never had I been the type of person that
easily talked to people, especially when I didn't know them and this was the
penultimate challenge for me. All kinds of scenario's went through my head and
I prepared every possible response I could make. "What if we really do not get
along?" I asked out of the blue.

"Don't get along with whom?" my mother asked.

"With Marisha," I replied, "What if we really do not like each other? Can I
still switch or do we have to stay together?"

"Sweetie," my mother replied as she turned around to look at me, "Don't worry
about that, she seemed really nice. If you think like that it will surely
happen, ever heard of the self fulfilling prophecy?" I nodded and she continued
"So don't think like that. Just see what will happen. In the worst case either
you or she will get another room, so it isn't that bad."

She did manage to make me feel a little better and for the next two hours I did
my utmost not to think about it. My father parked the car on the parking lot
and we got my luggage out of the trunk. With my nerves on high alert we walked
onto the campus. "This looks nice," my mother said, "You're so lucky to go
here, this is just beautiful. There's even a pizza parlor, that's nice." She
did her utmost to assure me it would all be okay, but it didn't really help.

At one of the tables just outside of the main administration building I got my
student ID and the girl sitting there explained how we could walk to the dorms
located to the back of campus, which was very open and there was a lot of space
in between the different buildings. After a short walk we arrived at the dorms,
a five floor building stretching most of the width of campus. The entrance was
all the way to the left of it, after showing my ID the guard let us in.

We got into the elevator, got out on the third floor and turned left to walk
towards room 378 all the way to the back of the hallway. When we arrived the
door was open, I just knocked to alert anybody in there of my arrival. "She's
here," I heard someone say and as I walked in a girl with long red hair came
around the corner. "Laura?" she asked, "So nice to finally meet you for real.
I've been looking forward to this ever since we talked on the phone."

I shook her hand and just nodded. The room was divided into half by two closets
standing back to back. Clearly Marisha had chosen the left side of the room, so
I just placed my bags on the right side of the partition created by the
closets. The bed was placed against the far wall, a small desk against the wall
across from it. The other wall was filled with shelves where I could place my
books or anything else. In short the space was small but nice enough and I
could sure make it work for me.

Marisha peeked around the divide "Are you ready to explore campus a little or
do you want to unpack?" I decided to unpack and Marisha went with her parents
to explore campus. "She seems really nice," my mother said, "just give her a
chance. I really think you might like her." I just shrugged my shoulders and
said "I don't know. I just need some time I guess."

"Just make it through the first few days," my father said as he hugged me,
"Then your brother and I will bring your car. He really wanted to come today
but he just couldn't get a day off. Just do your best, okay sweetie?" I nodded,
took a deep breath and decided to give it all a chance. My father kissed my
forehead and helped me unpack the first two bags.

When we were done we went outside, sat down outside the pizza parlor to have
something to eat. A few minutes later Marisha and her parents joined us when
they saw us sitting there. "We had the same idea," Marisha said as she sat down
next to me, "How are you? You seemed a little anxious."

"Just not that good with people," I said softly.

Marisha just smiled and said "That's okay, neither am I."

That made me chuckle a little as I could see that was a lie. My mother smiled
slightly at me when she saw my silent laugh. She just nodded to reassure me and
I just looked away. Despite my anxiety we had a nice dinner together and my
biggest fears were laid to rest. The biggest problem was yet to come: the
moment of my parents leaving and I wasn't looking forward to that moment at all
as it would mean I would be on my own.

That moment arrived came sooner that I liked, it was harder on me than I
expected it to be. I cried as I watched them drive off, all I wanted was to be
in that car with them. Slowly I made my way back to the dorms not feeling ready
for all of this. I was just seventeen back then, I would turn 18 two months
later. Minutes later I walked back in the room and Marisha handed me one of the
keys that had been in the lock ever since the previous occupants had cleared
the room. "Here you are," she said as she handed it to me, "Let's make sure the
last one always locks it, okay?"

"Thanks," I replied, "Sorry for all of this, it's just --"

"You don't have to explain anything," Marisha interrupted me, "I understand.
Just tell me whenever you need to be alone or if I do something you don't like,
I will just leave or try to do better." I just nodded and continued unpacking
my last bag. Afterwards I laid down on the bed I had just made and just looked
around the room. "Did I do the right thing?" I asked myself and felt really
unsure whether I had. We didn't talk for the rest of the night and at a certain
point I just went to sleep.

The first week consisted mostly of introductions and getting all the books I
needed for classes. I did my best to settle in, got to know Marisha a little
better and was a little surprised to see we got along pretty well to be honest.
It was something I didn't expect as we couldn't have been more different. Where
I was the prime example of an introvert, she was open and outgoing. If it
hadn't been for her I might have locked myself in that room for most of the
time except for attending classes. It was her who made me go to watch the
school football team play or just sit in the central square underneath the
large oak tree just enjoying the evening.

Even though the first week had been okay I was happy when the weekend came,
most of all because my father and brother would come to bring my car and of
course to visit. It was so nice to see familiar faces again and it made me feel
so much better now they were there. "How was your first week," my brother
Brandon asked me. He was two years younger than me, give or take a few months.
He had just gotten his license and driving my car had been a good experience
for him. He had needed it I teased him when I stepped out of my car.

"It's been okay," I replied, "Mostly introductions though, didn't have any
real classes yet. But the professors seem nice and so does my roommate."

"That's good," my father said, "See? It will all be okay." I just nodded and we
sat down at the pizza parlor to get something to drink and a snack. Brandon was
very impressed by everything he saw and kept pointing to things. I just
indulged him and said "Oh yes, hadn't seen that before." to everything he said.

It didn't take him long to say "Hey, you're patronizing me. Stop that!" I
stomped his arm and said "You've always been a nub head." He chuckled and said
"I miss you, sis.". He actually made me cry a little when he said that, I loved
him even though we fought a lot, but which siblings don't?

After showing them my room it was time for them to leave. Again it was harder
than I thought, but a little easier nonetheless. It was like I was getting used
to living on campus, even though it was just a little.

Over a period for several months she pulled me out of my shell and I really
started to like meeting new people. Although it was still very hard on me to
let her in, I did let my guard down just a little. One evening we were sitting
in our room, I was in my books and Marisha laid on her bed listening to some
music. It was so nice of her to just let me be and to not disturb me in any
way. I looked up, closed my books and peeked around the divider. She took of
her headphones and I asked her "Want to get a latte or something?"

She looked surprised and said "What? You are asking me to get out of this room?
That's a first and yes I would like to get a latte." She rose up with a big
smile on her face and turned off her stereo. When I asked her what she had been
listening to she said "Beyonc√©, I love that woman." I nodded and we went
outside. As we walked towards the coffee shop we just chatted about school and
about anything else that came to mind.

It was almost one in the morning when Marisha asked "Can I ask you something
a little more personal?"

My heart froze a little, I was perfectly comfortable with just being
superficial friends, that was something I was used to ever since that time I
got hurt when I confided in someone. When I learned she had told everybody who
wanted to hear I had vowed to never ever do that again. Hearing her say that
brought back all the memories of being bullied at school. It became so much
that my parents decided to move to another town, so I could start over again
and maybe get some friends. But I had learned my lesson and kept all people at
a distance. My mother had asked me about it one day and I told her why. "That
is very safe," she had replied, "Lonely, but very safe."

Maybe she was right after all, maybe it was time for me to try it again.
Marisha seemed trustworthy. She hadn't told anyone about my little accident a
few weeks ago, at least not that I knew off. It was so stupid, I had been so
homesick one night that I wet my bed. She had helped me clean up and when we
tried to exchange the mattress she said she had been the one who had done it,
just so I wouldn't feel embarrassed. When I asked her why she said "I don't
care, but you do." With that the discussion was closed as far as she was
concerned.

"Something a little more personal?" I repeated part of her question, "Like
what?"

"Like, why do you care what other people think?" she said, "I don't, not even
for a little bit."

"I don't know," I said truthfully, "I've always been this way, I guess."

"That can be," she replied, "But you are -- how can I say this? -- a bit more
closed off than anyone else I know. Why is that?"

Again my heart skipped a beat, should I tell her? This was so hard to do, but
maybe I should. My mother had been right, not letting anyone in had been lonely
and maybe I had fooled myself by thinking it was okay. "Someone betrayed my
trust once, big time. I got bullied every single second of every single day. If
my mother hadn't insisted I wouldn't have told her, but I was in a dark place,
a very dark place."

"I am so sorry to hear that," Marisha said, "I truly am. I hate bullies. You
don't have to tell me what it was. Tell me whenever you are ready to tell me,
do it on your own time. Please, absolutely no pressure. But just so I know, how
dark was that place? Ending your life dark?"

"Yes," I replied looking at my feet with tears in my eyes. Every memory of that
time came rushing back, everything. Even that moment I sat in my room with the
sharpest kitchen knife in my hand, ready to cut my wrists. Just the fact I
didn't want to hurt my family kept me from cutting them, their love for me was
what saved me that day.

We sat silent for a moment and I scraped my throat, with a trembling voice I
said "It was after another day of constant torment, the teachers did what they
could, that didn't help though. Constantly I found little notes urging me to
kill myself. 'The world will be better without you' or 'Your family doesn't
care, so just jump in front of a train'. Notes like that. That day it was all
just too much. When I came home, nobody was there."

I looked at Marisha with tears rolling down my cheeks "I grabbed the sharpest
knife from the block and went into my room. I sat down against the foot of my
bed and wrote my family a letter thanking them for loving me and that I was
sorry. I placed the knife against my left wrist. On the internet I had read I
had to cut it from my wrist to my elbow so my artery would slice open in the
length not the width. I pushed it in a little --" By this time I was talking
through my tears, it felt horrible remembering that day, at the same time it
felt relieving to tell someone. To get it off my chest. I sat there for a
moment, catching my breath.

I could see Marisha was crying too, but she knew that I wasn't done yet so she
just kept quiet. When I could talk again I said "It was that pain that made me
return to reality, to the light of my family's love. I couldn't just hurt them
and I knew by killing myself I would hurt them so much. I threw the knife into
a corner and just started crying, hard. Suddenly my mother walked in and she
found me that way. She took me in her arms, read the letter and just cried with
me. She was hurt because I was hurt. A months later we moved to another town,
just so I could start fresh. But I didn't dare to let anyone get that close
again. If they didn't know me, they couldn't hurt me."

With tears rolling down her face she hugged me and whispered "I am so sorry."

Those four words made me cry again. It was more the way she said them, so
heartfelt and real. "I won't tell anyone," she whispered, "Thank you for
sharing it with me, but this is not my story to tell. Trust me in that." I just
nodded and rested my head on her shoulder, it felt so good to have told
someone, it took such a load from my shoulders.

"Thank you for listening," I whispered, "I haven't told anyone this. Outside my
family that is."

"Did they forgive you?" she asked.

"Yes and the best thing was that I learned I could trust my parents with
anything," I said, "Well almost anything. There are things between my brother
and I that they don't know. But all siblings have secrets for their parents,
right?"

"Oh yes," Marisha said with a smile, "or at least that's what I'm told. Only
child here, so I wouldn't know. All I can say is that I haven't told my parents
everything."

"Let's talk about something more fun," I said as I dried my tears, "This was
heavy enough."

"Yes," Marisha laughed, "Let's do that. Thank you again for sharing that with
me. I really appreciate it. So, any boyfriends?"

I burst into laughter and said "Wow, talk about changing the subject! No, never
had one, really. And you?"

"Oh so many," she said jokingly, "Every week a new one. Can't help it, I get
bored easily."

Laughing made me feel a lot better. It was so nice to notice she didn't judge
me about what I had just told her. Quite the contrary, it seemed she liked me
even more because of it. Not it was done all I could do was wait and see if she
would betray me too, but at least I had given her a chance to proof me wrong
and that felt good on it's own.

Weeks had gone by and I had found a rhythm combining school with time to relax
and charging up for the next week. I went home for the weekend once a month,
mostly to do the laundry that I couldn't do on campus. It was just too
expensive so I kept it too a minimum, just underwear and stuff. During one of
those weekends my mother took me aside and said "I just wanted to tell you that
you look better than you ever did. Is it Marisha?"

I nodded and said "I've told her mom and she didn't mind, not at all. I think I
can really trust her mom." I started crying again and she took me in her arms,
just to hold me. "I'm so happy for you," she whispered and kissed my head, "Did
you tell her everything that happened?"

I shook my head and said "Not yet, should I?"

"That's what friends do. They tell each other everything. You will see that if
you do, she will do too. That's how you build a friendship, that's how she will
become more that just a friend. She will become a sister and you deserve that,
you really do." We just stood there for a moment in each others arms and I
could just feel how much my mother loved me and cared for me. It was that love
that saved me that day.

When I drove home late Sunday evening I decided to tell Marisha everything, it
was time for me to break down those walls I had built around me. It was time to
let someone all the way in. She had proven to me I could trust her and it felt
so good to finally have someone I could trust besides my family. So when I
arrived at the dorms and saw her sitting at her desk I asked her if she had a
moment for me.

We sat down on my bed as that was most comfortable for me. I turned to her and
said "It's time I tell you what made them bully me. Please hear me out and
don't laugh, it's hard enough already." She nodded and waited for me to start
telling her. I took a deep breath and said "Okay, here it goes. It was in our
old town, we lived next door to another family. Just a father, a mother and a
son. He was about 26 at the time, I was thirteen. He had the mental capacity of
someone my age. We had been living next to each other for about six years and
we were friends. We played together and after a while I didn't see him as an
adult anymore, he was thirteen just like me."

I was quiet for a moment "Well, one day we were sitting in my room and I was
teaching him how to read. He hadn't learned because there wasn't a school for
people like him close by. His mother did what she could, but she had to work
most of the time as did his father, so I took over and I loved teaching him.
Then it just happened. Out of the blue he asked about sex. At first I didn't
know what to say or do, I was totally flabbergasted. Well, I started explaining
a little and he looked like he totally didn't understand a word I said."

"So, because we were home alone I thought I might as well show him and so I
did. Before we both knew what was happening we both were naked and he played
with me as I did with him. Then he got on top of me and we had sex, both for
the very first time."

"Wow," Marisha uttered, immediately followed by "I'm sorry, continue."

I looked at her, still scared of what she might think, but I had gone this far
and the hardest part was behind me. "So, one afternoon my best friend Carter
was with me and she asked me if I had been with a boy. I told her I had and
didn't want to tell her who. She kept insisting and when I told her, she just
started laughing. Making fun of me and despite me begging her to keep it a
secret she told everyone, literally everyone. I became the _retard lover_, the
_crazy slut_. But most of all because he was an adult, they arrested him for
statuary rape. He got off lightly because of his mental illness, but he was a
registered sex-offender. That might have hurt me the most, the rest were just
layers on top of it."

"Is he still on that list?" Marisha asked.

"Not as far as I know," I replied, "My mother got in contact with them via
Facebook. They moved away shortly after. All they wanted to say was that
everything was okay now and that they didn't want any more contact with us.
Which is reasonable, I think."

Marisha was quiet for a moment and then said "So, all I heard was that you lost
your virginity to the boy next door. The rest is not important."

"And you? Who was your first?" I asked.

"My first?" she chuckled, "Oh wow, what was his name? Adam! Yes, Adam. He was
so handsome, or so I thought at the time. I was so in love with him. When we
were home alone at his house, it just happened. I was twelve, he was fourteen.
I lasted for a whole two minutes. Two whole minutes!"

"That's about how long Peter took," I chuckled.

Marisha raised her eyebrows and said "Don't you love it when they take their
time?" I burst into laughter and felt so relieved that she hadn't judged me
about Peter. Maybe it was because I told her what happened after first, or
maybe it was that she simply didn't care about it. No matter what it felt good
to finally have told someone.

During the next few months we grew even closer and I considered her my best
friend. I just hadn't told her, all I knew was that I loved her as a sister and
considered her as much. After the finals it was time for summer break and being
apart from her for all those weeks wasn't something I was looking forward to.
Marisha seemed to feel the same way and when it was time to go home we hugged
and promised to call as often as we could.

I was halfway home when all of a sudden my phone rang. I pressed the button on
my wheel to answer and Marisha shouted "I miss you already and you told me I
could call!" I burst into laughter and we chatted until she was home too. My
mother just smiled when she saw me walk in with the phone to my ear. "Hey
Marisha," she shouted and I replied "She says hi to you too." For the whole
duration of summer break we called each other every single day, in the third
week I told her I loved her and she said "I love you too, Laura. You're the
sister I never had."

## Chapter Two
Despite calling every day we both were so happy to see each other again. It was
something I still couldn't quite grasp. Sure I knew that she loved me like a
sister, I just couldn't grasp that we had come that far. Even my father had
told me how much I had grown in the past year, something that really made me
feel proud. Prouder than my grades ever did.

As second year students we were offered the chance to move into a larger room
and of course we did. Changing rooms took all day but when we were done we were
more than happy with then result. This room had beds on either side of the
room, still leaving space for normal size desks and a small searing area. The
next day we got some plants to decorate the room a little more.

To have some more spending money I also got a job at a local restaurant, a
place where more students worked so switching shifts was easier. The owners
didn't really care who worked as long as all the shifts were covered. I had to
work for tips as the hourly wage was just $2.65 an hour. At first I didn't earn
that much, but the others helped me and soon enough I made at least 50 dollars
a night in tips on top of the hourly wage. It wasn't much as I worked only two
or three nights a week and every other weekend, but it was something.

One night it was very busy and I kept going from table to table, from family to
family. A man who was sitting at one of the smaller tables in my station was
watching me the whole time and it made me feel rather uncomfortable. When it
was his time to pay, I checked the bill I had given him as we all do to see
what the tip was and I just gasped. I turned around and he just smiled "You've
earned it. I saw how hard you worked and you still made me feel welcome. It's
my way of saying thank you." He had tipped me 200 dollars, I was just blown
away. All I could do was mouth "Thank you so much."

A few minutes later I handed him the payed bill and his credit card. "Thank you
so much," I said once more, "You don't know what this means."

"Oh yes I do," he replied, "I've been in your shoes once. I know how hard it
is."

"These shoes?" I replied, "I don't think these would fit you."

He burst into laughter and said "See? That's what I mean. It's so rare to see a
waitress with a sense of humor. It was so nice meeting you Laura and I will be
coming back when I'm in town, you can trust me on that one."

After another few hours of work I was more than happy to finally sit down in my
car. My feet were hurting and I was so tired. After I had driven for a while I
didn't really know where I was, somehow I had taken a wrong turn somewhere. I
just couldn't remember where. To be safe I started looking for a place to park
so I could set my navigation system. After another twenty minutes or so I
finally saw a parking lot near a strip mall. I parked underneath one of the
streetlights, just to feel a little safer.

As I was setting my navigation a police car rolled up to me. I looked up and
the officer gestured to roll down my window. "You can't park here," she said,
"It's closed for the night."

"I know," I replied, "I took a wrong turn somewhere, I was just setting my
navigation so I can get to the dorms."

"Student?" she asked and I nodded, "Okay. I'll just wait here until you're
done. It's not really safe here."

I thanked her and completed setting the navigation. I waved to her as I drove
off again. What normally would have been a 30 minute drive now would take me
over an hour. The police officer drove behind me and as soon as I turned left
she went right. I waved once more even though I knew she couldn't see it. After
another few turns I was in third avenue, according to my navigation I should be
able to enter the freeway in about seven miles. I was a long way off.

As I drove along third avenue my eyes fell on a group of girls walking up and
down the street. They were dressed rather sexy and all of them wore high heels.
I slowed down a little just so I could see them better and when I saw a parking
spot along the street I stopped just so I could watch them for a while as I
really wondered what they were doing there at this time of night.

When a car slowed down a lot and finally stopped, I saw one of them walk up to
it and talk to the driver through the passenger side window. I wasn't close
enough to hear them, but near enough to see what she was doing. I gasped when
she pulled down her shirt revealing her breasts to whoever was in that car.
Afterwards she opened the door and got in, I just looked to my right as they
passed me by. I suddenly realized what was happening there, started my car and
drove as quick as legally allowed to get out of there.

I took a breath of relieve when I turned on the freeway and recognized where I
was again. About twenty minutes later I parked my car near the dorms and walked
inside, constantly thinking about what I had witnessed. Sure I knew that some
girls did things like that, but I had never seen it with my own two eyes.

When I walked in Marisha asked where I had been and said "I was just about to
call you." I told her everything that had happened, from the 200 dollar tip to
seeing those girls on third avenue.

"Oh yes," Marisha said, "Third avenue is a tolerance zone. Girls can go there
to be a little safer, police keep an eye out and they won't be arrested just as
long as they keep to the rules. We talked about it in class when prostitution
was mentioned by someone. Did you know that federally it's legal? It's the
states that make it illegal. Well this state is now running a pilot like we
have here."

"Wow," I said, "Where I'm from it's totally illegal. Maybe that's why I had
never seen it before. Why would someone do something like that? Are they forced
to do it?"

"Not by someone," Marisha said, "Maybe because of other reasons, but if they
are being forced by someone they can't be there. They have to show they are
there of their own free will, as far as I know they have to sign something to
that affect. But I'm not entirely sure about that. Why are you asking?"

"Just curious. I can't imagine myself every doing that, no matter how desperate
I would get. Selling your body like that? Is there any help for them? Besides
the police watching I mean."

"Oh I don't really know," Marisha said, "Maybe there is. I really wouldn't
know. We talked about the legal aspects, the morality of it and how we thought
we might help someone if they came to us. I think I would do my utmost to help
them get out of it, I really do."

It was nice talking to a laws student from time to time and Marisha had a sharp
mind, she got good grades and didn't seem to have to study that hard. Me on the
other hand I had to do my best just to keep up and I had English as a major.

The next day we went shopping as I needed some new clothes and Marisha just
loved to come with me. We went from store to store and I tried on some clothes
but nothing could get her approval. "I know where we could go," she said and
took my hand as we went up to the third floor of the mall. Backed in a corner
was a smaller shop and as we walked in I really thought we were in the wrong
place. This shop didn't have anything remotely like me, not a thing. Everything
was in bright colors and so -- modern.

Marisha's eyes lit up when we walked inside. "They are having a sale. Lucky
us." We looked around for a while and Marisha showed me all kinds of clothes
but nothing I really liked, it was either to sexy or just not me. Then she held
up a mauve dress, shoulder less and really tight. I was about to say no when
she said "At least try it on. I really think it will look so good on you. And
it's something different from all the loose clothes you normally wear. Come on,
humor me?" I sighed too the dress and stepped inside a changing booth.

When I had put it on I looked at myself in the mirror and really didn't want to
come outside. I stuck my head through the curtain and said "I don't think I
like it. It's so -- pink." Marisha handed me a tan colored one and said "Try
this one then." I changed into the next one and thought it looked better. I
stuck my head out again and said "Promise me not to laugh or I won't come out."
Marisha just looked at me and I said "Promise me!"

After she said "Okay, okay. I promise." I stepped out of the booth fully
expecting her to burst into laughter, but she gasped and her eyes lit up. She
just shook her head with her mouth wide open. "Where have you been hiding that
body? My God Laura! You are just beautiful! Wow! Just one word: wow."

I blushed and checked myself in another mirror, this time from a little farther
away. One of the girls who worked there came up to us and said "Wow, that looks
so good on you. And I know we say that a lot, but this time I really mean it.
And that color! Wait! I've got an idea." She walked away and came back some
moments later with a black bolero jacket. "Try this with it."

I did and when I looked in the mirror again it looked much better. "But when
would I be wearing something like this?" I asked.

"Whenever you want," Marisha replied, "To a wedding, to a party, to something
formal. Just a pair of heels and you're complete, besides some jewelry of
course."

"Oh you need some jewelry with it," the girl added.

I looked at the price tags and gasped for a moment. The girl noticed and said
"Oh don't worry, that's the normal price. We take 60 percent off at the
register."

A quick calculation told me it would cost me just over 50 dollars and I did
start to like what I saw in the mirror. "Just picture yourself without the bra
or with a strapless one," Marisha said, "Your shoulders should be free of
straps when you wear it." I turned from the mirror to Marisha and back again.
"What the heck," I thought and stepped into the booth. Handed the mauve one to
the girl and with my new purchases I walked over to the register. The woman
behind it scanned the labels and said "That will be 52 dollars 65 cents." I
handed her the money and she gave me my change. With a bag on my arms we left 
the store.

After a quick break in the food court, we went looking for some shoes to go
with it and a few hours later we were back in the dorm. In total I had five
bags of new clothes and shoes. Best of it all was I had spent just over 100
dollars on it as most of it was on sale. I sat down on my bed and just stared
at the pair of heels Marisha had made me buy. "They will look so good with that
dress," she had said. In my head I thanked the stranger who had tipped me that
200 dollars and smiled a little. If it hadn't been for him and Marisha I would
never even have looked at clothes like that.

A few weeks later it was my parents' 20th anniversary and they wanted to
celebrate it big time. With the help of my father I had bought her a necklace
with an emerald embedded in a silver lock. I had worked hard and saved it all
just to be able to buy it for her. It was just a little to expensive for me to
have it engraved too.

When the invitation arrived Marisha shrieked when she saw she was invited too
and I just thought it was so typical for my mom to do such a thing. Marisha
grabbed her purse and handed me 50 dollars. "Please take it," she said, "Have
it engraved with anything you want to say. Just let it come from your heart."
When I suggested to put her name on it too she wouldn't hear of it. "No, no.
This is from you. I'm just paying for the engraving itself. Don't you dare put
my name on it."

"Thank you," I replied, "But at least write her a little card. I know she will
treasure it." When we finally could pick it up, Marisha wrote a little note
which we put in the box with the necklace itself.

During the weeks till the anniversary Marisha had helped me learn to walk in
heels and I practiced a lot just so I could wear them for the entire time. That
evening Marisha helped me with my hair and my makeup. She even lend me some of
her best jewelry to complete my outfit, together with one of her purses. I
looked at myself in the mirror and I was more than pleased with the woman who
was looking back at me. When we both were ready to go I was just amazed by how
good Marisha looked in her outfit.

With my heart racing we drove to the venue and after I parked I was just so
nervous. My mother had never ever seen me like this. After I had finally put on
the heels I looked at Marisha and said "Here goes nothing." She just smiled and
we got out of the car. From the open door we could hear the music and I read
the banner over the door. "Welcome to Ben and Eliza's 20th anniversary!" it
read.

Marisha let me go in first and it took me a moment to find my mother, who as
soon as she saw me just screamed "Look at you! Just look at you! You look so
beautiful! Ben! Ben! Come here and look at your daughter!" I could see tears of
happiness in her eyes and I blushed as I felt everybody looking at me. My
mother rushed up and hugged me still saying "Oh baby! You are so pretty! Look
at you!" She reached out to Marisha and said "You are beautiful too, Marisha
and it's so nice that you came. Come, come, let me introduce you to everyone."

An hour later all the guests had arrived and I got one complement after the
other. Marisha just chuckled as she could see how much I enjoyed ever second of
it. And I had to admit her that I could get used to it which made her laugh
even more. When we all were seated it was my time to speech and I asked for
some attention. I felt a little embarrassed but it was something I really had
to do.

I took a deep breath and cleared my throat. "Ladies and Gentlemen, thank you
all for coming to my parents 20th anniversary. 20 years of love and friendship,
who would have thought. If all the stories are true, then there weren't that
many people who would have guessed we would be sitting here today celebrating
this milestone." I waited for the laughter to stop and continued "My
grandmother told me once that she didn't have my father in high regard. 'Ben?'
she said 'I really thought he would be gone in three weeks.'" The people
laughed again when I imitated my grandmother who just raised her fist as she
veined anger.

I got a little more comfortable and continued "Then there was my grandfather,
boy if I told you what he had to say." This time it was him he raised his fist
as he belly laughed. I turned to my parents and said "But everybody supported
you when you two decided to get married. Almost everybody who was there that
day is here now, all but one: my uncle Brandon. I wish I could have known him,
but he passed away when I was just two years old. I cherish the one photo I
have of him holding me." I saw the tears in my mothers eyes and then said
"Let's hear a toast to uncle Brandon who I'm sure is here somewhere."

After the toast I said "I could have never wished for better parents." I
started to cry too and through my tears I said "I love you two so much and this
is my opportunity to thank you for everything you've done for me so far." My
mother got up and hugged me, the audience just applauded, some with tears in
their eyes themselves.

When I regained my posture I said "But what do you get someone who has
everything? I had a hard time thinking of something nice, until one day I just
saw it. It was perfect. I just had to get it, there was just one problem. I'm
just a poor student and now I didn't have any money left to buy something for
dad. But that will come, I promise." My parents laughed and my father said "You
being here is more than enough."

"Mom? Please stand up." I said and my mother did. "This is from me and a little
from Marisha too. Congratulations and I love you so much." My mother had tears
in her eyes, laughed uncomfortably and said "Leave it to my daughter to make me
cry." Everybody laughed and she continued "Like your father said, you being
here is more than enough. Thank you for your lovely words and thank you." She
was about to sit down but I told her to open it.

When she finally did she just gasped and uttered "What?! No! This is too much,
way to much. Oh no, I can't --" She just looked at me with wide open eyes and I
just said "Yes you can and you will." She looked at the engraving and started
to cry when she read "With all my love and thank you for everything. Laura."
Underneath the date of their anniversary. I got up, took off the necklace she
was wearing and put on the one I had given her. During that moment my mother
read the card from Marisha, turned her head and mouthed "Thank you" to her.

She held the hanger with two fingers and said "An emerald for our emerald
anniversary, this is so thoughtful of you. I love it, thank you so much Laura
and Marisha. This is just too much, but thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Now, let's get this party started shall we? DJ! Music please!"

My father took me in his arms and said "Wow. Thank you. I am so proud of you,
you know that right? I love you so much pumpkin, always remember that. And this
is more than enough for me. All I ever wanted was to make your mother happy and
with your help I've done that today. Thank you."

Brandon walked up to me and slapped me. "Thank you for totally blow my gift out
of the water." When I asked him what he had given he said "Oh nothing, just a
weekend away to the lake they went on their honeymoon." I hugged him and said
"And you say I blew you away? That's a great gift, Brandon." I knew he had
worked hard to pay for it too and I told him I loved him.

My mother got one complement after the other for her new necklace and so did I.
We had a lovely evening and after a few hours of partying we left for the hotel
they had booked for us. "We've booked one room for the both of you," my mother
said, "I thought you wouldn't mind.

"Mom, we're room mates, so no we don't mind at all." I replied and Marisha
agreed. It was so nice getting out of our clothes and especially taking off
those heels. My feet were killing me. I had changed into something comfortable
and when I got out of the bathroom, Marisha changed too. I just fell on the bed
and rubbed my feet. A few minutes later Marisha appeared again wearing a simple
gown I had seen her in a thousand times.

She laid down next to me as the room only had one bed in it. It would be the
first time we slept in one bed and I was just to tired to worry about it. "That
was a nice evening", I said, "Did you have a good time?"

"Oh yes," she replied, "Your grandmother is hilarious. She insisted I called
her Nan too. After a few minutes of her pressuring me I just gave in."

I chuckled "Yes that's Nan for you."

"Where were your fathers parents?" she asked.

"Oh, they passed away when he was about eight years old. Car accident. I don't
really know what happened. My father was raised by his older sister, aunt
Daisy."

"Daisy, she's a hoot too," Marisha replied.

"Yes," I replied, "He still doesn't want to talk about it, so I thought it
better not to mention them."

"That was a good idea," Marisha said, "I'm sure of it. Come give me your feet,
let me rub them for you. I'm good at it."

I looked at her for a moment, grabbed my pillow and turned around. When she
started rubbing them I just couldn't stop saying "Oh wow, that does feel good.
My word did they hurt." From my pillow I just looked into her eyes and for a
while we didn't say a word. Then out of the blue she kissed my feet, sending
all kinds of thrills up and down my spine. I should have protested or
something, but I didn't. It just felt too good.

She took my large toe in her mouth and softly sucked on it, while still looking
into my eyes. She then rose up, kissed my lower legs, covering them with kisses
as she made her way up to my face. We just stared at each other and kissed.
Softly, carefully, full on the lips. She raised her head a little, we looked at
each other and kissed again and again. After a few more I put my arm around her
neck, opened my mouth a little and felt her tongue touch mine. We started
making out and she pressed her body firmly against mine.

She then moved on top of me, her right leg in between mine, the other on the
other side of my right leg. She applied some pressure against my vulva sending
a shock through my body and I softly moaned as her tongue danced around mine.
After a few minutes she sat me up and slowly took off my shirt, threw it on the
ground and took my breasts in her hands, softly kissing my nipples which were
hard as stones by then. I moaned with every kiss and she pushed me down again.
She kissed me everywhere as she slowly made her way down, pulling down my
panties as she went lower. I raised my hips to help her and before I realized I
was totally naked.

She kissed my Venus mound and as she did I couldn't help but lift my hips
abruptly. Slowly she spread my legs and looked at my now fully wet vagina. She
smiled and softly kissed my clit, sending jolts through my body making me moan
a little louder. She them licked my slit and I just couldn't believe what was
happening, but I didn't want her to stop. When she finally sucked my clit I
jolted and two of her fingers lid inside me. "Oh yes," I moaned, "Oh my God,
this feels so good."

She came up again, her fingers still inside me as she kissed me. I could taste
her and myself as she pressed her open mouth against mine. She kept fingering
me, rubbing my clit at the same time. It was clear to me she had been with a
girl before and that thought excited me even more. Within a few minutes I
orgasmed like I had never done before, I really thought I was about to pass
out. When I stopped shaking, Marisha came on top of me again, pressing her
breasts against mine and putting the fingers that had just been inside me into
my mouth. I sucked them clean and loved how I tasted.

Then it was my time to pleasure her and I rolled her over so I could get on top
of her and imitated what she had done to me as best I could. Marisha moaned and
giggled when I kissed her clit for the first time. I licked her slit, spread
her legs wide and sucked on her wide open hole. I just loved how she tasted,
then I sucked her clit and shoved two fingers inside her. I kept sucking and
wriggling my fingers. "Oh yes, yes," Marisha moaned, "Keep going, almost there,
just keep going. Don't stop. Oh yes, I'm coming!" She started to shiver and
shake as she orgasmed too. When she stopped I laid down on top of her and
kissed her.

When we both had caught our breath again, we pulled away the sheets and laid
down in each others arms. After a few more kisses we both fell asleep.

The next morning I kissed her awake and she just smiled when she opened her
eyes. "Just to make sure you understand," she said, "This is just sex. I'm as
straight as they come and really love boys. But I don't mind a girl every now
and then."

I smiled and said "Same here." I kissed her again, sucked her nipples and then
proceeded to lick and suck her clit until she orgasmed once more. As a thank
you Marisha did the same to me and right after I orgasmed there was a knock on
the door. It was my mother shouting "Breakfast in an hour!"

"We're awake," I shouted back, "See you in an hour!" Then I just couldn't help
but giggle, I felt like we were caught and Marisha clearly felt the same. We
took a shower together, washed each others body, kissed some more and got ready
for the day. "Okay," I said just before we walked out, "Not a word about this
to my family." Marisha looked at me as if she was telling me I didn't have to
say it, but I felt like I just had to.

We had a lovely day together with my immediate family. It was so nice to see
how my grandmother had adopted Marisha as one of her own and I was more than
pleased to see my mother wearing then necklace I had given her. She just
couldn't stop touching it every now and again, as if she was checking whether
it was still there. Seeing her do that made me smile even harder. It was almost
eight in the evening when it was time for me and Marisha to leave. My parents
walked us to my car and thanked us for coming and celebrating this special day
with them. "You're always welcome in our house Marisha," my mother said as she
hugged her, "You're not only my mothers grandchild, you're my daughter too."

I could see the tears in Marisha's eyes when my mother said that and I just
knew there was something she hadn't told me. But she would whenever she was
ready, I thought and just smiled. As we drove home Marisha started crying and I
asked her what was wrong.

"It's just -- I don't know. Your family is so nice and mine? Mine is not, it's
just not fair. I don't blame you, it's just so hard when you're confronted with
it, you know?"

I turned off the radio and took her hand in mine and said "Tell me, we have
some time now." Marisha pulled her hand away and slowly started talking.

"My mother was 15 when she got pregnant with me. Her parents threw her out the
moment she told them. She was homeless for half a year, sleeping on the street,
heavily pregnant. She didn't know what to do, praying for a miracle. This woman
took her to a shelter where she could stay until I was born. Right after she
was back on the streets again, doing her best to take care of me. She became a
prostitute, just so she could take care of me. But it all became too much and
she started using drugs. Childcare took me away from her and not long after I
was adopted. When I was nine I asked about my mom and they told me she had
passed away when I was just two years old. We went to see her grave and I just
cried for someone I didn't even know."

"I'm so sorry," I replied.

Marisha didn't say anything, just stared out the window. "At first it was all
nice there. I had a nice childhood, but when I turned 12 everything changed.
Adam my step-dad came into my room and raped me. When I told my step-mom she
slapped me for telling lies. I was stripped naked and she put me in a bath of
ice cold water. I wasn't allowed to cry or make a sound. After she send me to
bed without food or water, that night Adam came into my room again, this time
my step-mom Mia came in too. She held me tight as he raped me, after a few more
nights they started recording it and I had to pretend I liked it, that I wanted
it. 'Oh yes daddy, please fuck me' things like that."

"Not long after they pulled me out of school. They wanted to home school me
they said and after child services inspected the house they got permission. I
was just too scared to say anything. That's when they started raping me and
recording me all day long. I had to play the 12 year old hooker and stuff like
that. I had to suck his penis, lick her pussy and always smile as I was doing
it. If it hadn't been for a neighbor seeing it, I don't think I would have made
it out of there."

"Wow," I was just floored by what she had told me. As she had been talking I
had parked the car on a spot with a beautiful view. Just didn't know what to
say to a story like that.

"I was placed into another home. With Danielle and Royce, the people who I call
my parents now. They gave me all the time and space I needed, together with
therapy and everything. When I turned sixteen I called them mom and dad for the
very first time and I love them so much. If it hadn't been for them I really
don't know what would have happened to me. They took a huge risk with me and
when I was ready they adopted me."

"But you seem so cheerful," I said, "and I don't mean that in a bad way. I
don't know how I would be if something like that had happened to me."

"I know," she replied, "Years of therapy and very patient parents who showed me
that they loved me no matter what. And I did have a dark time too, never that
dark though and sometimes I still get depressed. But then I just think I've
been through hell and still made it out alive, it can't get any worse than
that. So I just do as I please, the hell with what anyone thinks. The only
people who's opinion is important are the ones close to me, the rest can kiss
my ass."

I couldn't help but chuckle and apologized for it immediately. We were quiet
for a moment before I asked "So is that why you are so focused on women who --
have it harder than us. You know? Those who live on the street?"

"Maybe," she replied, "Never thought of it that way. Now you say it, yes that
might be it. I really want to help them when I graduate, work for some sort of
outreach, help them with legal stuff."

"That's a good plan, a noble plan. I'm sure your real mother would be very
proud of you when she would see you now. How long has it been since you last
visited her?"

"Years. Maybe I should go again soon. I've been thinking about her a lot
lately. Maybe it's time for me to see her again."

"We could go together," I offered, "I can drive."

"That would be nice, thank you. I will let you know. Can we go home now? It's
dark already." I chuckled started the car and drove back to the dorms. From
that day forward we were more than just sisters, we were lovers too.

## Chapter Three
It was more than clear how anxious Marisha was as he went from row to row, from
grave to grave, all the time trying to remember where her mother was. Then all
of a sudden she knelt down, started cleaning the headstone and then rested her
left hand upon it. Her body shook as she cried. I just let her be with her
mother and slowly walked around a little, still keeping an eye on my friend
knelt down at the grave of her mother.

She stayed there for a few minutes before she got up and looked at me, her eyes
red from crying. "I messed up my makeup," she chuckled, "Thank you for doing
this for me, it means a lot. Let's go, I've been here long enough." Just at
that moment a butterfly landed on the headstone, it was Red Admiral. Marisha
gasped and whispered "That's my favorite. Are you here mom? I love you and I
forgive you. I will be back. Bye mom, I love you." The butterfly flew up and
flew around her head before it flew off somewhere else.

Marisha turned to me with amazement on her face. She didn't have to say
anything, I understood what she meant to say. It did feel like there was
someone else with us, someone we couldn't see but it didn't feel scary or
frightening, it felt loving and good. I slowly nodded and we walked away
slowly. For the rest of the day the both of us were impressed by what we had
experienced, neither of us knew how to explain it in words. We just didn't
try.

When we were back in our room Marisha was still very much impressed by with
what had happened and just laid down on her bed. "Are you okay?" I asked her.
She slowly nodded and I just let her be, I had to get ready for work and took a
short shower. When I got back Marisha was gone, leaving a note on my bed. "I
need some time," she had written, "I will be back later today. Have a good day
at work." Even though I was worried about her I just didn't have the time to go
after her, changed into my clothes for work and went out the door.

Six hours later Marisha was laying on her bed when I got home, she looked at me
and told me she was okay. "I just needed to think," she explained and told me
where she had been all day. Afterwards we went to the diner one campus to get a
burger and some fries to eat. She then popped into the small shop and when she
got out she had two bottles of wine in her hand. Back in the room we opened one
and began to drink, the both of us needed some fun as it was the weekend after
all.

Slightly drunk we started to go through our clothes trying on all kinds of
weird combinations. At around two in the morning we had cut the legs of some
old jeans to make them into hotpants and old shirts where cut so short they
hardly covered our breasts. While we were enjoying the second bottle of wine
Marisha got out her phone and took a picture of me dressed that way. I posed as
sexy as I could and we both giggled like schoolgirls.

After she send me the photo I posted it on my social media just for fun, within
minutes the likes poured in and I handed her my phone to make another photo,
this time I leaned back a little more, revealing a little more of my breasts
and if you looked closely you could just about see my left nipple. A few
minutes later I posted that one too. Then it was Marisha's turn to post some of
her too and we just couldn't get enough of it. We even posted a photo of the
both of us together kissing and my hand on her boob.

The next morning I woke up with a searing headache and when I checked my phone
I couldn't believe the amount of notifications I had gotten in just a few
hours. One of the was off my mother, she had called me several times and texted
me to call her the moment I woke up. This wasn't good, I knew it. As I went to
the bathroom I scrolled through all the other messages I had received, all
from people who had liked the posts and had clicked on the follow button. In
just a few hours I had gone from just under a hundred followers to over 3,000
and it did stroke my ego, a lot.

When I returned to my room a few minutes later I called my mother. The moment
she answered she said "What did you do?" I could hear she was angry at me and I
asked her what she meant. "I got messages from all kinds of people over some
pictures you had posted and when I checked I just couldn't believe my eyes. You
really need to take those down, Laura. You really do. Why on earth did you do
that?"

"We were a little drunk mom," I replied softly as not to wake up Marisha, "It
seemed like fun at the moment and I got some new followers, I never had this
many ever. It's nothing mom, girls do stuff like this all the time now. It's
not a big deal."

"Not a big deal? You look like a whore! Not a big deal? This isn't you Laura,
it totally isn't," she said.

"Mom! You always told me to get out of my room and experience the world. Now
that I'm doing that you want me to stop? No mom, I'm having fun. For the first
time in my life I'm doing things despite what other people might think. It
feels so free mom, it really does." I scrolled through the photos I had posted
and said "They don't look that bad, I mean you really can't see anything." When
I saw the photo of me laying on the bed with my legs spread wide I had to
resist not to giggle.

My mother sighed and said "I don't know Laura, I really don't. This could be so
bad, so bad. What might people think?"

"That's the thing mom," I replied, "I've always asked myself that question,
with everything I was about to do. When I wanted to join the cheer squad I
didn't, because what might other people think of me? When I'm buying clothes I
always choose something that offends the least people or rather none of them,
but I never get the clothes I really want to wear. I think about that question
every single second of the day, with everything I do. And I'm tired of it, I
want to do what I want to do, no matter what somebody else thinks. I got 3,000
new followers in just a few hours. There are people in this world that like
what I posted."

I was quiet for a moment and then said "Ever since that incident and we had to
move I've walled myself in, didn't want to stand out and be a target. I kept
myself back from everything I wanted to do or try, the only freedom I
experienced was in the books a read, in my fantasy. I want to experience it for
real mom. And weren't you the one who told me college was all about
experimentation, discovering who you really are? That's what I'm doing mom."

My mother sighed and said "I just don't think this is okay. But you're right I
did tell you that. I'm just worried Laura, I really am. Just be careful,
please, this can get out of hand so quickly and you might do something you will
regret for the rest of your life. Trust me, I've been there. If the internet
existed back then my life might have gone a total different direction."

I knew exactly what she was talking about, she told me a few weeks after the
incident. When she was in college she went to Mexico with a few of her friends
and while they were partying in a club a man with a camera showed up and
offered them 100 dollars to flash the camera and she did. Her parents sued the
company to delete the footage and won. But some of the videos were already sold
and if you searched for it you could still find it somewhere on the internet.
Luckily for my mother it was just flashing her boobs, one of her friends went
a little further than that. She had sex with some dude while the man recorded
her. That for just 200 dollars. Her life was ruined when the video came out,
she jumped of a building months later.

"Times have changed mom," I said softly, "It isn't that big of a deal anymore.
And I will be careful I promise. It's just that I'm trying my hardest to have
some fun while I'm at college. I've locked myself up for so long and now, now
I'm experiencing freedom I have never had before. I can't go back to who I was
before, I'm making friends, mom, real friends."

My mother sighed again and said "Okay, that's the most I can expect I guess.
I still don't like it, but you are right. I did tell you to get out of that
room and experience the world. I love you Laura and I still worry about you.
That's a mothers prerogative."

I smiled and said "I know mom and I love you too."

Three days later I walked down the hall of our dorm after a late class, I had
those once in a while. As I stepped into the room I heard some noises coming
from Marisha's side of the room. When I looked I gasped and quickly ran out
stating "I am so sorry, I am so sorry." I rushed to the central space we called
_the living room_, it was a space connecting two corridors on the corner of the
building. There were three couches, a small kitchen and a coffee machine in
there. One of the students had brought an old TV so they could watch the games
together. There was nobody there and I got myself a latte from the machine, it
was the only thing barely drinkable from it.

As I sat down the image of Marisha on top of that boy haunted me, it was on
repeat in my head. Her bouncing boobs, the look of utter lust on her face and
above all the lack of care that I had seen them. I took two sips of that
awful coffee and threw it away in the sink "It's a good thing it's free," I
thought as I tried my hardest to get rid of the foul taste. "It's getting worse
by the day," I thought. I leaned against the counter trying to think of what to
do. I really had to study but in order to do that I had to get my books and
those were in the room where Marisha was having sex with that boy.

There was nothing else to do but go back, cover my eyes and just get my books.
Anxiously I walked back, knocked and stepped inside. I held my hand so her side
of the room was blocked from my sight, walked up to my desk and heard Marisha
moan "Oh yes, fuck me. Fuck me hard." I couldn't help but look and Marisha
looked back at me with a big smile. She gestured for me to come closer, at
first I shook my head but seeing his big black cock slide in and out of her
really started to excite me.

Slowly I took a step towards them, then another one and another. I knelt down
next to their bed, totally fascinated by that big black cock foaming her pussy.
"Oh yes," Marisha panted, "Watch how he fucks me. It feels so good." I felt
myself getting wet as I watched them having sex and when Marisha slid her hand
underneath my shirt I didn't protest. Minutes later she took my shirt off and I
just sat there in my bra, which quickly disappeared too. The boy smiled when he
saw my breasts and leaned over to suck them. I raised my self up, arced my back
and moaned as he softly bit my nipples.

Minutes later I groaned as his big black cock stretched my pussy, he slowly
pushed his thick cock inside me. I looked at Marisha who held her breasts close
to my mouth. "Doesn't it feel good?" she asked and I just nodded. His bare cock
was now deep inside me and I could feel him twist and throb. I placed my arms
around his neck and whispered "Yes, fuck me. Fuck me just like you did her, I
want you to fuck me as hard as you can. Make me come all over that big black
cock of yours."

With every thrust I moaned and I felt him go in so deep, deeper than I had ever
felt someone go inside me. It felt like my soul was being fucked, I lost total
control of myself, all that existed was me, that boy and his marvelous big cock
that slid in and out of me. After about ten minutes of being pounded by him I
felt my body starting to shake, everything was so sensitive and with a load
groan I had a huge orgasm. He just kept pumping and I had to tell him to stop.
He pulled out, took Marisha in his arms and fucked her against the wall. When
the orgasm had subsided I watched them and rubbed my clit giving me yet another
orgasm.

When he laid down on the bed I crawled on top of him, guiding his big fat cock
inside me and Marisha sat down on his face so that she could look into my eyes
as he ate her pussy. We kissed and she cupped my breasts, I rode his cock until
I felt him throb harder. "I'm coming," he panted and I just kept bouncing and
bouncing until he unloaded all his baby batter inside my pussy. I wanted it all
and I wanted it deep. At that moment I totally didn't care I wasn't on any form
of birth control, I just wanted to feel him come inside me.

Marisha pushed her tongue in my mouth at the moment he exploded. "He's breeding
me," I panted, "I wanted so long to be bred like this. I love it." Marisha
kissed me again and said "This is so hot." After a few minutes I got off him
and felt his cum drip out of me, Marisha took her change and started to suck
his cum out of me. She kept sucking and licking until I came for third time.

A few minutes later we all got up, got dressed and went to the pizza place to
get something to drink. On our way over he told me his name was Robin and he
was a second year student just like us. We had a good time together for a few
hours until he had to leave. "That's something else than studying," I giggled
right after he had left.

"Yeah, he's so good. Isn't he?" Marisha said, "I met him in the library earlier
today. He had some questions about class and we got to talking. Before I knew
it we were in our room and just minutes later you walked in. He's so nice."

"He is," I replied with a giggle, "Maybe we could ask him to come over more
often, I had fun."

That weekend the three of us went together to a national park nearby to hike a
trial, it was something I had wanted to do ever since I moved to the dorms.
Marisha and Robin were up for it too and so we ended up at the far end of the
park after about an hour long hike. It was so beautiful there as we sat down in
the shadow of a large rock.

We sat there for a while just chatting and enjoying each others company. We
took some selfies of ourselves and posted them to our social media, we just had
some fun before it was time to head back as we still had quite a hike ahead of
us. We talked all the way back to the car, as I drove I had to laugh when I saw
in the rear view mirror Marisha sucking Robins cock in the back seat. On the
way back to the dorms I couldn't stop thinking how I had changed over the time
I had been in college, just over a year ago I would have been so embarrassed to
see what I saw happening in the backseat.

That evening we went to a nice restaurant downtown and had a lovely evening
together which ended up with the three of us in my bed.

## Chapter Four
To prepare for my finals of the second year I spent a lot of time in the
library as it had all the books I needed. It was a Thursday evening as I sat at
a table in the back of the third floor, I was collecting information for my
thesis about Virginia Woolf, one of my all time favorite writers. Together with
my professor I had thought of an angle for the thesis that really interested
me.

I was still in the data collecting stages of the thesis. Now I have to explain
that this was in no way a _real_ thesis, it was just meant to prepare us for
the real deal and it just needed to be between 3,000 and 4,000 words. The most
important thing was that it had to be scientifically sound.

Books were strewn all over my table and I was taking notes from a book I had
just gotten from the shelves around me, when a voice startled me. I looked up
and saw a typical jock standing next to me. "I am so sorry," he said, "I didn't
want to startle you. But do you by any chance have a pen for me? I seem to have
forgotten mine."

I chuckled "Does that line normally work for you?"

His face turned red "Oh, no it wasn't -- I really did forget a pen."

I smiled, grabbed a pen from my bag and handed it to him. It was bright pink
and I said "You can keep it. Have fun." He chuckled when he saw the color and
thanked me for the beautiful pen. I giggled when I saw him sit down at a table
and really used the pen for whatever it was he was doing. I went back to what I
was doing but every now and again I looked over at him as he was still writing
with the pen I had given him.

My head was overflowing after a few hours of work and I really needed to stop
for the evening. I checked my phone for the time and saw the library was
closing soon. As I was putting the books back on the shelves and was packing
my bag that boy came over and said "Do you mind if I walked you home? It's
rather late and I wouldn't want anything to happen to you."

"Is campus that unsafe? I never noticed," I replied.

"No, it's very safe and that was a line," he chuckled.

"Did it ever work?" I asked him

"I don't know, this was the first time."

I chuckled and said "Yes knight in shining armor. You can walk me home over
these dangerous lands." We walked over to the dorms slowly and chatted all the
way. Despite him being a jock, jocks were the primary source of me being
bullied, he was very nice to me and treated me with all the respect. As I
stepped into the elevator I felt pretty good about him. Just before the doors
opened I realized I had never asked his name. "You're so stupid," I softly to
myself as I stepped out of the elevator.

The next day I worked hard to get my thesis done. I had to restart the thesis a
few times before I finally was happy with the way it was going. I had a
classmate proofread it for me and made some changes before I made an
appointment with my professor to discuss it further. I had still had two weeks
before I had to turn it in. As it was a Friday night it was rather quiet, when
I went to the first floor to get myself a coffee I noticed I was the only one
there next to the lady who worked there. To pass some time I asked her "Is it
always this quiet on a Friday."

She looked up and said "Usually. Normally there are a few more, but there's a
party later this evening and I think they are all there."

"A party?" I asked, "What kind of party?"

"I don't know," she replied, "I am not a student." She chuckled and I thought
it had been a stupid question. "There's a poster on the board over there if
you're interested." she continued.

"Oh no," I replied, "I would love to go, but I really need to get this thesis
done. If I would go to that party I will never get it done."

We talked for a few more minutes before I went back to the table I had been
sitting at. 
