# Chapter One
They rays of the sun warming my face woke me up and for a moment I didn't know
where I was. Fright took hold of me until I remembered I was in my new bedroom.
I had just spent the first night alone in my new apartment. My parents had left
the day before, for the first time I felt really alone. They should be home by
now so I send them a message asking how their flight went. As I was already
awake I got up and walked towards my new kitchen to make myself a fresh cup of
coffee. When that was brewing I looked around my new surroundings.

The small kitchen was divided with a small bar from the rest of the area, I
could hardly call it a room because it really wasn't. To my left was the door
to the outside world and next to it was my dining table with 4 chairs around
it. The previous resident had installed small rails on the ceiling so you hang
your pictures anywhere you saw fit without the need of drilling holes. It
simply was the best and my favorite framed poster had its rightful place behind
the dining table.

To make some sort of divide we had placed a bookcase in between the dining
table and the rest of the room. All my books were in there now and there was
even some space left for my knickknacks and two or three plants. My father had
nailed a nice piece of wood to the side of the case, after I had stained it to
match the rest of the case. My couch was placed with its back to the bookcase
facing the large windows overlooking the city.

In front of the couch a low coffee table and a comfortable chair facing the
multimedia rack with my TV and my stereo equipment. Next to it a ginormous
plant my mother had gifted me and it looked so nice there. Next to the kitchen
was a small bathroom, with only a shower and a toilet. I have no clue why they
placed it there, but there it was.

Right next to the stereo rack was the door to my bedroom, not that big but it
had enough space for a king size bed, a wardrobe and a dresser. At the foot end
of the bed I had some space in between it and my vanity. My pride and joy ever
since I was fourteen years old. From my bedroom I had access to a larger
bathroom with a bath/shower combination, another toilet and two sinks with
mirrors above them.

That was all she wrote, that was it. It was a small apartment but it was mine
and as I stood there leaned against the counter top I smiled as I realized my
new life had really begun. Just a few more days before I would go to my new
school and start my life as a student of Kingston College.

With my fresh cup of coffee in hand I stepped through the door onto my balcony.
It wasn't much, just enough room for a chair, but at least I could drink my
coffee sitting in the early morning sun. I blew in my coffee and looked out
over the awakening city below me. Not that the city ever slept, but at least I
saw some movement below.

I was so nervous when the letter from the letter from Kingston arrived, they
only admitted 600 students or so each year and it was the most prestigious
college in the country if not the world. I could hardly open the envelope and
had my mother do it for me. I took out the letter and all I read was "pleased
to inform you" and "accepted". I jumped into the air shouting "I'm going to
Kingston! I'm going to Kingston mom! They accepted me!" After jumping into her
arms I called my dad to tell him the good news and I cried so hard when I told
him.

That evening we went out for dinner and my father told everybody that I was
going to Kingston, whether they wanted to know or not. He was so proud of me
that day. Thinking back to that night made me smile again and I took a sip of
my coffee thinking back at the weeks leading up to me moving here.

I had never been comfortable with lots of people around me that I didn't know
and always felt very awkward. So you can imagine how I felt when one of my
fathers friends told us about this apartment. His daughter had rented it, but
she was moving out to get married and, as I now knew, there just wasn't room
for two people here. We made a deal and my parents would pay the full rent
until I had secured a job, from that moment I would pay half of it back to them
each month. If it hadn't been for that arrangement I couldn't have afforded
this apartment and would have been forced to move into the dorms.

After three days of driving, three days my mother either sat next to me or next
to my father, we finally arrived at our destination. Jose, the janitor, helped
my father unpack the small truck he had rented and I got to park my little car
on the parking lot behind the building for the first time: spot 4c. When the
truck was unloaded my father drove off to return the truck to the rental
company. They would fly home just a few days later.

The next day my new couch, chair and bed arrived as well as the rest of the
furniture we had ordered. That's on of the best things about buying them at a
store with branches all over the country, we could visit one nearby and they
would send the order to a store nearby the apartment. After the confirmation
came through, we paid half of it upfront, the rest on delivery. Sometimes it is
handy when you know a lawyer, especially when that lawyer is your own mother.

My parents helped me decorate my new apartment and after a few days staying at
a hotel they flew home and now here I sat, alone for the first time in a city
of millions on my own little balcony enjoying a fresh cup of coffee.

I took a quick shower, got dressed and went out to see if I could find a place
where they were looking for people. In the brochure I got from Kingston it was
said that during this time of year a lot of places were looking for students to
work for them, so I didn't think it would be that big of a deal. How wrong I
was. I went from shop to bar, from bar to restaurant and all I heard was
"Sorry, we aren't looking" or "Oh, those positions have already been filled".
This was going to be harder than I thought.

On my endeavors to find a job I got a little lost and didn't really know where
I was. I checked the map on my phone and saw that I really wasn't that far from
my apartment, just two rights and a left. It was a nice street I was walking
through and I decided to do some window shopping. There were lots of small
boutiques there and I marveled at one where they had just the most beautiful
dress I had ever seen. It was revealing with all that translucent lace, but all
the important bits were covered. A woman smiled when she saw me standing there
and she placed a sign "Help Wanted" in the window.

My heart skipped a beat and I opened the door to _The Lady of the Cliffs_. A
small bell attached to the door introduced me and the woman turned around.
"Hello," I said, "I saw you placing that sign --"

"Wow," she interrupted me, "I never had a reaction that quick. Come on in and
welcome to _The Lady_. I'm Carina, let's go sit in the back for a while." We
went behind the counter and how beautiful the shop was, so plain was it there.
To the right was a big space full of clothing racks, boxes and a big table. We
stepped into her small office and she offered me a chair.

"I didn't catch your name," she said.

"Laura, Laura Davis. I just moved here to go to Kingston and I was looking for
a job. It so happened I was looking at that amazing dress in the window when
you placed that sign."

"Kingston you say? Well, that's quite the accomplishment. And why should I
consider you? Do you have any experience?"

"No, none whatsoever. But I'm young and therefore cheap. And because I do not
have any experience working in a shop like this you can mold me in any way you
see fit. It is, as they say, harder to unlearn something than it is to learn it
in the first place."

She chuckled and said "That might be true, but experience will make it easier
for me."

"That might be true, but I didn't get into Kingston if I hadn't been a quick
study and somewhat intelligent."

She looked at me intensely and then said "You are quick in your responses and
know all the right words. That makes me wonder if you were rolling into law
school. Am I right?"

I thought for a moment and said "Finding the right words has never been
difficult for me, speaking them on the other hand, especially when I do not
know the person, is still a thing I am trying to learn. I'm getting better at
it the more I practice. Working in your shop will help me reach that goal even
more quickly. A skill that will benefit me when I'm a lawyer." I looked at her
for a while, then smiled. "To make a long story short, yes I am going to law
school."

She laughed loudly and said "I love when someone can take a mickey of me. I am
starting to really like you Laura. Let's just give it a chance, shall we. Let's
say a two months trial period."

"That would be fair," I replied.

"Good," she replied, got up and said "I'm getting that sign out of the window
and then we will get some coffee. Let's get to know each other a little
better." We spent almost an hour at the coffee shop where I learned most of the
sales she did were done online and she just had finished the orders for that
day. "Every day around two Dorian comes to pick them up. Dorian is my sisters
son and he has a small delivery service. What can you do? He's my nephew and so
I throw him a few bucks every month."

I chuckled and we said our goodbyes after she told me to come by when I got my
roster from school. "We'll work something out," she said, "I mainly need
someone for the evenings and the weekends. If it all works out I might let you
run the store on your own on certain days. But that's only after you've proven
to me that I can trust you and when I'm satisfied you do the job correctly."

Right after I left I called my parents to tell them the good news and they were
elated. My father did ask me if I couldn't find something that started a little
sooner. "Dad, I've been looking for hours now and all I heard was sorry. This
is such a nice shop and I really like her. I want to give this a chance, dad.
All the jobs I had at home I didn't like, this is the first time I feel really
good about it and I think I'm really going to like it."

"Than that's good enough for me," he replied, "I love you sweetie. Now here's
mom she's really eager to talk to you." I told my mother all about the shop and
how beautiful the clothes were. She was so happy for me and then said "Oh my
baby, all grown up. I am so proud of you honey, I really am. Just do me one
favor, send me that contract before you sign it. I just want to be sure."

"I will see what I can do mom," I replied, "but I got a good feeling about her.
She seemed honest to me." If there was one thing I got from my mother it was
the ability to read people, a skill that had helped me in the past. At one time
a friend of mine got involved with a boy and although he was very friendly I
didn't trust him at all. I told her how I felt about him and she dismissed my
warning. A few weeks later I visited her in the hospital, he had beaten her so
hard she nearly died. If it hadn't been for that stranger finding her in that
alley she sure might have. Just a few days later he was arrested, we learned
that he had it done multiple times before and forced a total of eight girls
into prostitution. My friend had resisted and that's when he exploded.

Her testimony put him behind bars and she moved away. She wanted a fresh start
somewhere nobody knew about what had happened to her. The last time I saw her
she thanked me and I watched how she drove off. I never heard from her again
and wondered how she was doing now.

The first day of school was frightening to me and I felt really nervous as I
made my way over. I registered at the table with the letter D on a big sign
hanging from it. The girl behind it handed me my student card and I smiled as I
looked at it. It was now official I was a Kingston student. She handed me a
small map and told me where everything was. "Make sure you go by admissions so
they can register you in the computer and hand you the list of books you need
to acquire." she said and just as I was about to turn away she said "Oh, and
welcome to Kingston."

I was studying the map and marveled at all the building on campus. It was a mix
of styles and I was looking up when I bumped into a girl by accident. "Oh, I am
so sorry, I wasn't looking," I said. She just said "Check where you are going
next time."

"Oh, sorry. But could you tell me how to get to admissions? I'm new and I don't
know where to go." I said just as she was about to continue her path.

She looked at me and said "Well, I was going there so follow me."

"I'm Laura, Laura Davis."

"Hi Laura, Laura Davis. My name is Marisha. Just Marisha."

"Nice to meet you, Just Marisha." I replied and I saw a little smile on her
face, one she immediately suppressed.

"So, where are you from Laura, Laura Davis?" Marisha asked.

"Oh, you wouldn't know it. It's a small town on the other side of the country,
near Springfield." I said.

"Springfield?," Marisha replied, "Wow, that's really on the other side."

"And you?"

"Oh, Fort Dix. Yep, local girl. Live in the dorms?"

"No, I'm not good around people I don't know. So I got my own apartment."

"Wow, your parents must be rich then."

"Oh no, just middle class. My mom is a lawyer and my dad has a small company
selling farm equipment."

"As I said, rich parents." she smiled at me and we entered the administration
building. It was very busy at admissions and we waited our turn. In the mean
time we talked and I really started to like her. She was so easy to talk to and
for the first time I didn't feel that awkward. When it was our turn I handed my
card to the woman helping me, she did something on the computer, handed me all
kinds of paper work including that list of books. "There will be a market down
in the basement where people offer their old books. If you're in time you might
get them all for cheap." the woman said. She then told me the market would
start at four, which was in just a couple of hours.

In the mean time Marisha and I had lunch in the restaurant, joined the official
opening of the new school year and learned about the introduction week that was
about to start. Just before four we went to that market and I managed to
acquire all but one of my books. I was pleased to put them into my brand new
locker and searched for Marisha for a while, but we had lost each other during
that market.

I went outside and looked around some more. There were stalls of all the
fraternities and sororities trying to get new members. The cheerleaders were
also looking for new people. I went from stall to stall just to see what
they were offering. At the end there was this stall that almost everybody
ignored. The girl behind it was reading a book and didn't seem to care her
stall wasn't visited.

I went over and checked what they had to offer. A sign hanging from the table
read _Critical Role_ and on the table were several table top games. Behind the
girl was a huge banner from something called _D&D_ and I scraped my throat to
get her attention and said "Hello, what's D&D?"

She seemed a little startled when there was actually someone interested and she
looked up at me. "You never heard of _Dungeons and Dragons_?" she asked.

"Is that what it is? Isn't that a stupid game where you pretend to be a wizard
or something?"

"First of all it isn't a _stupid game_, it's the best game there is. We tell a
story, we experience it by playing characters in that story. We roll dice to
see what happens when we want to fight a dragon for instance. Now you can roll
really good and you slay that dragon with just one blow, or you might roll
poorly and the dragon sets you on fire. It's the rest of the group that helps
you win that fight. You have to work together, plan and organize. It's just the
best."

"But it's just fantasy." I replied.

"True, but what isn't? Do you like movies?"

"Yes, who doesn't?"

"Isn't that just imagination? Someone imagined the story, right? Wrote it all
down and made a movie out of it. Well, that's what we do too. But we have to
improvise on the spot. Think about it, what would you do if you saw how that
dragon set me on fire? You wanted to cast a spell, but now you have to save
me. It's your turn. You roll the dice and what will you do?"

"I don't know, I've never played."

"That's not what I meant. I meant to illustrate that you will have to think
quickly. Sure you can prepare until it's your turn, but that all changed when
that dragon did what it did."

"Ah, I see what you mean."

"And it's more than just a game. I've met my best friends playing D&D. We
shared adventures together, I know them better than anyone. I've seen them cry
when we lost a member during a fight. We've all cried when we buried him and
we all vowed revenge."

"But," I said and I was really curious at that moment, "someone played that
character, right? If your character dies are out of the game?"

"Oh no," she replied, "he just returned with a new character. Totally different
from his previous one. Now you got another problem. His new character didn't
know his previous one and you can't meta game."

"Meta game?"

"Yes, you have to think as that character. Let's assume two players act out
that they are talking somewhere where they are alone. Nobody is around. You as
a player hear what they are saying. But your character doesn't have a clue, so
you have to ignore what you know and think like that character."

"Ah, I think I understand. Seems quite difficult."

"You get used to it. I can talk about it for hours, but it might be easier if
you come by and see us play. We meet every Thursday at 8, room 14 in the
basement. You're welcome to come. That way you can see what it's all about."

"I might do that," I replied, "I really do. Thank you so much. Might I ask your
name?"

"Yes you might," she said and stared at me waiting for something, she had this
twinkle in her eyes.

"Oh," I replied with a giggle,"sorry, what's your name?"

"My name is Ashley, pleased to meet you. And yours is?"

"Laura, Laura Davis. Pleased to meet you too. And again, thank you."

At the end of the day I went home feeling rather good about myself. I hadn't
felt as awkward as I thought I would. Treated myself on a nice take-out dinner
and went to bed early as the next couple of days would be quite exhausting for
me.

The first few months I mostly needed to get used to living on my own, cleaning
the apartment, doing my laundry in the launderette in the basement of the
building and finding a rhythm between going to school, work at the boutique and
studying. One of the things I learned quickly was that it was easier to study
in the schools library where they had all the law books I needed and I spent
most of my time there.

After just three weeks Carina told me I was hired as she was very pleased with
having me there. "You show up on time and do everything I tell you to do," she
said when she told me, "So I wish to welcome you officially to _the Lady_." I
thanked her and that Saturday was the first time she let me run the shop all on
my own. It wasn't that busy that day and I could study most of the time.

That was weeks ago now and I was sitting in the small office studying when the
bell told me someone had entered the store. I smiled when I recognized who it
was. Marisha stood there and said "We haven't seen each other in weeks, so I
thought I might check here. These are just magical!" She touched one of the
most expensive dresses we had and I said "100% silk that one. All made by hand
by a real live seamstress. Ever stitch done with a needle and her hands. Isn't
it beautiful? And for only 9,000 dollars it's yours."

"9,000 dollars?" Marisha repeated me and she whistled, "that's a lot of money."

"Yes, it is. But the seamstress will come over to your house and make it fit.
Take in the seems and everything. After that you will be the proud owner of a
unique dress, there's only one of her in the world."

"Wow," Marisha said, "I could never afford something like this."

"Well, it is the most expensive one in the shop. We do have cheaper
alternatives." I replied.

Marisha laughed and said "That's not why I am here. What time do you get off? I
was wondering if we could go somewhere. I am so tired of those people at the
dorm, all they do is party and eat pizza. I need some more mature people around
me."

"Oh, I am so sorry but I already made plans."

"Oh," she said, "well --"

"But you can come if you want to. I just wanted to get a quick bite and then go
see a game."

"A game?"

"Yes," I said and I told her all about Dungeons and Dragons, "I didn't have the
time until now and to be honest I forgot about it. But today I bumped into this
girl who had invited me, her name is Ashley, and I told her I would come by
tonight. I am sure it's okay if you do too."

"Ah, watching some stupid game what's fun about that?"

"Well, you could just go back to the dorms and be bored. Or you could come and
maybe have a good time. It's up to you."

"If you put it that way," she laughed and with that we sat down at the table in
the back of the store. When it was time to close I packed all my belongings,
took the money out of the till and said "Just need to drop this off at the
bank."

Twenty minutes later we sat down at a fast food restaurant and enjoyed a quick
bite to eat before it was time to head to the school. The room where we needed
to be wasn't that hard to find and as we walked in a group of people greeted
us. Ashley appeared from behind someone and shouted "Finally! This is the girl
I told you about. She's coming to watch us play and who are you?"

"Marisha, I just came with her. I have no idea what is happening, but I was
bored and thought why not."

"Excellent," a young man from the other side shouted, "welcome, welcome to our
little game. I'm Matt and just let us begin, Sam will arrive shortly he had
some prior engagements."

We all sat down at the table and Matt lowered the lights until it was quite
dark and the candles on the table gave most of the light. With a low voice he
started "Where last left off..." He told everything that happened the last game
and then said "So, it's early in the morning. You all are a little stiff from
what happened last night. What do you want to do?"

One after the other chimed in on things they wanted to do and Ashley said
"Well, I'm going downstairs to the bar."

"Okay, the old woman who runs it sees you and says 'Oh good morning, what can I
get you?'"

"A mead" Ashley responded, "not to heavy, just a light one. It's morning after
all."

"Sure, sure," and Matt talked how the mead was poured. "That will be one
silver." Then he proceeded with everything the others were doing, suddenly his
voice changed "Suddenly the door swings open with a loud bang as it slams
against the wall. Three burly men step inside, you can see the crowns quest on
their shields. The front man shouts 'Nobody move. We're looking for a group of
people. They are suspects in the raid last night. Please all be seated as we
inspect all of you.' What do you do?"

Somehow they managed not to be detected because all of them rolled high with
their dice, the story continued how they escaped that town without a fight only
to be robbed as they held camp for the night. Through some good rolls and some
really bad ones there were some hilarious moments and I lost myself in they way
Matt told the story. Before I realized four hours had passed and when the game
ended for the night I looked at Marisha, who had twinkles in her eyes. Clearly
she had enjoyed it too.

During that week I had contact with Matt about a character of my own and he had
some good ideas on how the group of adventurers could meet me. "But," he said,
"I cannot promise when they will do so. I will do my best to adjust, but
sometimes they decide to go totally the opposite way."

"That's okay," I said, "it only means I get to enjoy more of the story before
they meet me." Matt laughed and said "That's one way to look at it." After
those discussions I knew why the group said he was such a good dungeon master,
he prepared for every possibility possible and when it so happened they did
things he hadn't prepared for he could improvise and turn on a dime.

It took a couple of weeks before Matt said. "You see a little house, through
the window you can see a burning candle and against the moonlit sky you can see
smoke rising from the stack. Everything is quiet, you can only hear the birds.
What do you do?"

Ashley whispered "Is this the house of the hag?"

"I don't know," Liam answered, "I've never been here before."

Sam butted in with "I can peak through the window."

"Just be quiet," Travis, a big boy and clearly playing for the schools football
team, "Just be as quiet as you can."

"I go in," Sam said.

"Roll a investigation check."

Sam rolled and started to laugh "Four."

"Oh no," was the general reaction to it.

"You slowly walk forward, but your eyes aren't quite adjusted to the dark and
you do not see a rock on the ground. You stump your toe and the pain is
excruciating." Sam shrieked and the clasped his mouth.

"You stand there frozen. Listening for anything that could be happening. Slowly
a door opens with a creak. From behind the door you see a face of a young girl.
Laura, please, what do they see?"

Everybody started to cheer, not expecting this twist in the story. I say "You
see a little blue tiefling girl with black horns and freckles on her face. She
wears a simple but very nice dress. I look at all of you and say "Mamma? Is
that you?"

It was Ashley who responded first with an "Aw, is she all alone in there?"

"Make an investigation check."

"Natural 20," Ashley shouted, "If I need them I can't roll them and now, now I
do."

"As far as you can see, she's all alone."

Liam, who played a human wizard sad with a German accent "Hello little girl,
are you alone? Where's your mother or your father?"

"I don't know," I replied as the little girl, "My mother went to look for my
father and she didn't come back. She told me to wait here for her."

"How long ago was that?" Liam asked.

"Almost two years," I replied.

"Two years?" Ashley responded, "You've been here all alone for two years."

I nodded "She told me to wait. Can you help me find her?"

"Well," Sam responded, "We are a group of adventurers, we do some very
dangerous things. See? I got this wound from a dragon three weeks ago. And I
show here the wound on my back."

"I walk up to him," I said, "put my hand on the wound and cast _Cure Wounds_."

Matt laughed and said "Roll a d20."

I rolled and counted all the points "18?"

"You all see that little girl walk up to the goliath and place her little hand
on the wound. She begins to glow and a blue aura seems to spread from her
body, through her arm and hand into the wound. It begins to heal and after just
a few seconds not even a scar is visible."

"All better," I said in a small voice.

Sam acted surprised and said "Wow, this is just -- wow. You are a special
little girl. What's your name?"

"Jester," I replied.

"Hello Jester, I'm Garth."

"I make a little curtsy and say 'Nice to meet you Garth.'" I replied.

Matt took over and told about how the group entered the little house and had a
good nights rest. The next morning they left and I just ran after them, not
wanting to be left behind again. They accepted me into the group.

"And that's were we leaf them for tonight." Matt said and we all moaned we
wanted to continue. "Wow, Laura, way to get into the game!" Sam shouted, "So
good, so good and you're a cleric? Just what we needed, we didn't have a
cleric."

"Yes I know," I replied, "Matt told me. I wanted to be a rogue or something,
but he convinced me otherwise."

Ashley shouted "And finally another girl, I hated to be the only one. And she's
so cute!"

I smiled and as Matt walked me to the car he said "based on the game tonight I
have to make some adjustments, but I think I will be done tomorrow. I will send
you her backstory then. But next time you make one yourself, okay?" I nodded,
got in the car and went home.

I told Marisha that I had joined the game and she wanted to hear all about it.
"If you joined I might too," she said, "I've been thinking about it a lot the
past few days."

"You should," I said, "You really should."

The next game wouldn't be for several weeks, because of exams, the holiday
break and new years. For the first time in months I went home, had a lovely
time with my parents, but also was so happy to go back to Fort Dix just before
New Years. I was invited over to Matt's house for it and had a lovely night as
we played another game and integrated the countdown to the new year into it.

Fifteen minutes before midnight Marisha walked in and Matt's eyes lit up. "As
you all sit at the table in the middle of the tavern, you hear the door open.
And against the moonlit sky you see this figure standing there. Marisha? Who do
they see?"

I was the first one to cheer and Marisha sat down and said "You see a girl in
blue attire, different shades of blue. The sides of her head are shaven and she
has a wooden pole in her hand. She has one hand on the door she just opened and
says 'I'm looking for the Mighty Nein. Are you the ones I'm looking for?'"

"We might be," Liam responded, "Who are you?"

"Beauregard," Marisha responded, "Beau for short. Well, are you?"

"Are we what?"

"The Mighty Nein!"

"Still depends, what would you need them for?"

"A job."

"A job?" this time it was Travis who responded, "what kind of job?"

"A dangerous one. One I can't do alone."

"Come sit down," I said, "We're counting down to the new year soon. Want to
join us? We have beer! Well, I have a milk and this lollipop, but they have
beer."

When it was time we counted down, stepped out of the game for a moment to do
the wishes and then returned to the game where we did it all over again.
Marisha talked about the quest she was on and how she needed our help. "Just
one question," she said, "You are called the Mighty Nein, but there's only six
of you. What's up with that?"

We all laughed and Matt ended the game shortly after. We spent some more time
together before we all returned home. It was one of the best nights I had ever
had and I thought back at what Ashley told me at that stand the first day we
met. This group of people was indeed growing into the best friends I ever had.

Over the next two semesters it was all quite the same, studying, going to work,
to school and more studying. Just before Summer break my parents told me they
were going to Europe for a few weeks which meant I would stay in Fort Dix. I
wished them a good vacation and concentrated on the upcoming exams, which I
passed with flying colors. During the break I started working full time at the
store, which made Carina very happy.

Because I worked on Saturday I had every Sunday and Monday off, during which I
could do whatever I wanted to do. One morning it promised to be a very
beautiful day and I decided to drive around a little, just to see the other
parts of this big city. Until then I had mainly stayed within the boundaries of
my own neighborhood and the school, but there was so much more to explore.

As I drove around I came across the part of town where all biggest nightclubs
where, from the outside all of them looked like your ordinary office building,
there one which stood out. Not only did it have a very big sign to the side of
the building, when I got out I saw all kinds of photos from inside and it
looked so nice. I looked at the plaque next to the door and it said _The
Invulnerable Vagrant_, access 21 or older. 'Darn it,' I thought, 'I will have
to wait for another two years.'

Suddenly the door opened and a woman stepped out. She looked familiar and then
it hit me. She was Carina's sister! Carina had told me her sister owned a bar,
but I never knew it's name. She looked at me and said "Oh hello. Looking at the
photos?"

I nodded and said "It looks beautiful."

"Oh, thank you. I can show you the real thing."

"Oh no, I'm not allowed yet."

"What? Oh, that. No that's just because it's mandatory, state law. The police 
never check."

"Still," I replied, "It's against the law."

"Ah, you're one of those."

"Those?"

"Yes, sticklers to the law. Never bent one of them? Never ran a red light?"

"Sure, but --"

"Well, we aren't open for business. It's just me showing my club to a friend.
What's so wrong about that?"

"If you put it that way," I replied.

"What other way is there?"

She showed me around the place and it was just so beautiful. "Imagine," she
said, "this space filled with people having a good time, the music is playing,
people are dancing, all having the best time. And when they want to take it a
step further, they can go through that door and have a _very_ good time.
Sometimes they are in there with 20 people at the same time, all having a good
time."

"By good time you mean --"

"Yes, they are having sex in there. All consensual and strictly no 
professionals, if you know what I mean. If we catch any working girls we will
throw them out and report them to the authorities."

I blushed when I heard the word _sex_ and tried to imagine what could be
happening in there during a night. The woman saw I was staring at that door and
whispered "You want to look inside?"

"Oh no," I shouted, "No, please no." The woman laughed and said "What's your
name?"

"Laura, Laura Davis. I was just driving around and came by here."

"Laura? You wouldn't be the Laura who works at my sisters store now, would
you?"

"That would be me," I said.

"Wow, small world." she replied, "I'm Linda, Carina's sister. Pleased to
finally meet the girl she's been talking about all this time."

"Only good things I hope."

"Very, that's why I was eager to meet you. But there was always something
coming in between. Now we finally met. I was going to get a coffee, want to
join me?"

"Oh no, I can't", I said, "It's getting late and need to go home." It wasn't a
complete lie, I just wanted to drive around a little longer.

"Okay," she said, "well, it was nice meeting you." We walked outside and I got
into my car, set the navigation to guide me home and drove off. The words Linda
had said about that room were still ringing in my ears. All the way home I kept
imagining what people did in there, especially what she said about the large
groups of people that were in there sometimes.

Somehow, and I was quite surprised, it excited me to think about it. I felt my
nipples harden and in between my legs it got a little moist. By the time I
stepped into the apartment building I could feel my fluids dripping down my
leg. For the first time I masturbated in my apartment, something I hadn't done
for a very, very long time. But now there was nobody who could catch me in the
act and I could even be a little more loud. It was so liberating to me to feel
that way and later that day I even touched myself in the living area, the
kitchen and on the dining table. I just couldn't stop and fell asleep in my bed
feeling exhausted but satisfied.

The next day I woke up and thought about what I had done the evening before and
I started to giggle. I got up, took a shower and put on a nice dress. After
enjoying a cup of coffee on the balcony I thought about what I could do that
day and I decided to go to the beach for once. Fort Dix was situated at the
coast and I had never been to the beach the whole time I had been there. On my
way over I got myself some sun screen with the highest factor I could find and
as I sat on the sand I smeared it all over my skin.

I decided to watch the people for a while and saw a group playing volleyball to
my left. The girls looked so beautiful in their bikini's and there I was in my
old swimming suit. They boys were looking fine with their muscular torsos
glistening from sweat. The all cheered when the ball hit the ground and one of
the girls picked it up to serve. My gaze went to what was happening in front of
me, a little girl had started to cry and a man leaned over to comfort her. The
girl pointed at the sand and clearly her ice-cream had fallen. "It's okay
sweetie," he said, "Let's go get a new one. Just be more careful okay?" It was
clear he was her father just by the way he cared for her. My heard melted when
I saw it.

Then a girl caught my attention, not only did she wear the smallest bikini I
had ever seen, she had the biggest boobs too. They were just monsters on her
chest and I knew they couldn't have been real. But what really intrigued me was
the way she flaunted her femininity and her sexuality. She just didn't seem to
care what people thought of her. 'I wish I had 1 percent of her confidence," I
thought. I watched how she slowly sat down in one of the many lounge chairs
available. She sat down so gracefully with one leg a little pulled up, she
clearly was showing off how beautiful she was. It didn't take lone for a man to
walk up to her and she allowed him to put sun screen on her skin.

I was just mesmerized and wished I could have that effect on men, but I didn't
and I had to smear the lotion on myself. As I laid down to catch some sun I
imagined it being me laying in that chair having those hands go all over my
body, applying the sun screen. 'What if I had my boobs enlarged?' I started to
think 'and maybe even my hips a little bigger.'

I had never been the biggest girl, not that I was very thin either. I had just
an average body and I started to dream about having a body like that girl I saw
earlier. How would it be having a body like hers? What would it take to get
there? How expensive would it be? All kinds of questions popped into my head
and I decided to call it the day and go home.

Once home I opened my laptop and started searching for information. I read
almost everything I could and even got a binder to write some of it down. I did
some very serious research at first and then started searching for women who
had it done before me. I entered _women with fake breasts_ and saw all kinds of
results I wasn't quite looking for. Mostly porn sites, but there was one site
that sparked my interest. They claimed to be a _haven for women who are
struggling with their sexuality_. I clicked on the link and was greeted by a
smiling woman. 'To protect the privacy of our members it is required to
register an account. If you already have an account you can login' the page
read. I was a little disappointed at first and struggled whether I should
create one or just leave it.

After about an hour I sat down again and registered. The whole process took
about two minutes and the moment I logged on I was redirected to my in-box
where a message was waiting for me. I opened it and it read:

> Thank you so much for registering an account with us. To complete the
> process, please upload a copy of your id. You can censure anything you want,
> as long as your photo, your sex and the last four digits of your social
> security number are visible. We need those to verify whether the id is real
> or not. We promise we will destroy the image as soon as your account has been
> verified. We do our utmost to protect the identity of our members, but still
> will report any illegal activity to the proper authorities.
> That being said we will never freely cooperate with requests from
> individuals, institutes or law enforcement without a legal warrant signed by
> a judge.
> So please upload a copy of your id within the next 48 hours, if you do not
> then we will assume you did not want to complete the registration and we will
> remove it. Of course, you can restart the process all over again it this all
> was just a mistake on either part.

'Wow,' I thought, 'that's a bit worrying.' and I closed the site for the
moment. I still had two days to decide what I wanted to do. I looked at the
binder next to my laptop and read everything I had written down: breast
enlargement 6,000 to 8,000. Nose correction: TBTD. Hips: No info. I read the
notes I had made about silicone vs saline and everything else. It all made me
feel so confused, on the one hand it was a lot of money, on the other I could
have the body I always had dreamed of.

The next morning I sat down at my laptop, took a photo of my id and blacked out
everything but the info the site had asked for. I logged in, read the message
all over again and uploaded the photo. My heart was pounding as I realized I
had actually done it, I had put my trust into some strangers on the internet
and although I knew they couldn't do anything with just the last four digits,
it still was my social security number.

I closed my laptop as there wasn't anything else I wanted to do with it. I just
relaxed until it was time for me to go to work. There had been some customers
at the store and I sold a pair of heels to a nice woman. Dorian came by at the
allotted time and we talked for a while. His wife was pregnant and I was
curious how she was doing. "She's doing fine," he said with a smile, "the last
stretch. She's pretty tired of it and she could deliver at any moment now."

"Ooh, so exciting. Well wish her the best, will you?"

"Thanks Laura, I will. Where those all?" I nodded and he stepped into his van.
"See you tomorrow." he said right before he closed the door. I did as well and
sat down in the office again. I did some of the administration I needed to do,
until I heard the bell chime and I walked to the front. "Welcome to the Lady,"
I said and a voice took over.

"Yeah, yeah, blah blah blah," it was Linda, "Is Carina in?"

"No, she took the day off. Can I help?"

"Maybe you can," Linda said, "one of my girls just quit and I need someone at
the bar this Saturday. You wouldn't happen to know someone, do you?"

"What about me?"

"You? But you said you were too young, didn't you?"

"And you asked if I ever bend or broke the law. Well, breaking not so much, but
bending is a bit easier now I know what I'm talking about. The state law you
mentioned specifically talks about people visiting your establishment, not the
people who work there. As I am legally an adult, I am allowed to work in a
restaurant or bar just as long as I do not consume any alcohol."

"Wow, law school?"

I smiled and said "Yes, quite easy if you understand the law. I even checked it
with one of my professors who is a federal judge too. And he said I might have
found a loophole in the law."

"Let me think about that. When, and I do emphasize when, I can't find anybody I
might call you." I gave her my phone number and said "I do hope you call, I
thought about that place for quite some time."

Linda smiled and said "Yes, _the Vagrant_ does that to people." She lifted up
her phone, turned around and said "I might call you. Thanks."

For the next few days I just worked during the day and stayed home in the
evenings. I spent some time exploring the site after my account had been
approved. I mostly read posts on the message board, some of the blogs and
browsed through the frequently asked questions. I hadn't posted anything yet,
but reading some of the posts did solidify my desire to do something about the
way I looked.

My mother had called from Europe and we talked for a few minutes. "It's so
beautiful here," she said, "tomorrow we're going to rent a car and drive to
Paris. Form there we will catch the plane home next week, we just want to have
a few nights in the city of Love." She laughed as she spoke those last words. I
was so happy for them having a great time over there. I could see it from all
there posts on social media. My mother wasn't a real user of those apps, but
this was a nice way to keep family and friends up to date.

It was Saturday morning and I was just up when my phone rang. It was Linda. "Oh
hey, I didn't wake you did I?" I said I was up and she said "Well, if you want
to you could work tonight. I spoke with Carina and she's okay with it. So I
guess you have the day off."

"Oh, well I might call her later." I replied, "Just to be sure."

"You do that," Linda laughed, "but I assure you, you do not have to go to work
until 9 pm."

I felt a little excited by her news, but was also a little apprehensive to call
Carina. As soon as Linda broke the connection I dialed Carina's number. "Hey
Carina, Linda just called me about tonight."

"Yes, I know. She asked me if it was okay and I thought it's your Summer break
and you shouldn't be working all the time. Have some fun, I will cover the
store for today. I need to do the taxes anyway."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, you're still young. You should be partying or on th beach, not be working
at all the time. Go, have some fun."

"But --"

"No buts, have some fun for me. Please."

"Okay, thanks Carina. I will make it up to you."

"Don't worry about that. As I said I was going to do the taxes anyway and I can
do those at the store too. So, no matter what I would have been working."

Later that day I texted Linda to ask her what I should wear. "Just some jeans
and a shirt. I will get you a shirt when you get in." she replied. I decided to
clean my apartment, do the groceries and everything else I had neglected for a
while. To my surprise there was a washing machine available for me and I did my
laundry. I did watch some TV and had a simple dinner, I was just waiting to get
ready to go.

After a quick shower, I put on a pair of jeans and a simple shirt. Thirty
minutes later I parked my car on a spot for employees. When I walked towards
the door a big, strong man came up to me and said "Hey, you can't park there.
Employees only."

"Oh," I said, "Linda said it was okay."

"Linda?"

"Yes, she called me to come over."

"Did she now? Well, describe her to me then."

"Well I could, but isn't easier for you to just turn around. She's right behind
you."

Linda burst into laughter and said "It's okay Brian, that's Laura. I asked her
to fill in for tonight." Brian scuffed a little, then said "Pleased to meet
you."

As we went inside Linda said "Don't mind him, he's a bit grumpy tonight. His
wife is sick and he really wants to be with her. He looks like a bulldog, but
he has a heart of gold."

"I hope it's not serious," I replied.

"Not as far as I know. Brian doesn't speak much."

"I noticed." Linda took me to the back and handed me a shirt with the logo in
front and large white letters spelling CREW on the back. "Wear this," she said,
"when you're done you can put it on that pile and we'll wash it. It's so you
don't have to go home in a shirt smelling of alcohol or something."

She then showed me where I would be working and introduced me to the man I was
working with. "This is Mark, he's one of the best. He will tell you everything
you need to know. Just follow his lead."

Mark told me how everything worked and I had to draft my first ever beers.
"You'll get the hang of it in no time." he said, "For the rest it's easy. Just
smash the buttons over here, slide their card through the machine and the
computer will do the rest. They pay when they leave."

"That's doesn't seem to hard," I replied and boy, was I wrong. One of the first
orders was mix of everything and I made some mistakes. Mark intervened, told
the patron it was my first day and corrected the mistakes. "The wines are on
me," he said to the man. Who just nodded and when I was gone Mark told me what
I did wrong and it got easier as the night went on.

"See?" he said, "You've got it. Now let's have some fun doing it." I smiled and
started laughing when he started moving to the beats of the music. Slowly it
got more crowded and I noticed the girls got more -- brazen as the night went
on. In the end a girl was dancing topless on the bar and I saw some people
disappear into that room.

The DJ played a song that was clearly to the amusement of a group of girls
having a bachelorette party. The girl with the pink _about to be married_
sachet around her was pushed onto the dance floor. Others created space for her
and cheered her on. She took of the sachet, laughed and tried to get off the
floor then just ripped her blouse open. On her nipples she had tassles and she
started to dance to the song they had chosen for her. Her boobs bouncing she
kept on dancing, after just a few minutes the others stepped in and took off
their shirts too.

Over an hour later I saw the bride-to-be disappear into the _fun room_ with a
arms of a dark man around her. It was my time to collect the glasses and a part
of it was to enter that room. My heart was pounding as I opened the door. At
first I didn't dare to look, but I couldn't resist and I saw the bride-to-be on
top of that man, moaning loud and urging him to come inside her. With red ears
I collected all the glasses and went outside as quick as I could.

Mark laughed when he saw me and said "You saw some action didn't you?" I nodded
and told him what I had seen. "Who says he isn't the groom?" he replied and I
thought 'Darn you', but I knew better. Still, it was a possibility. I had to go
in there a few more times, the last time there were almost 5 couples in there.
Some girls were even kissing each other as the bounced up and down on top of
some guy. You could clearly hear their moans over the muffled beats coming from
the dance floor.

At the end of the night I helped clean the bar and Linda asked my how it had
been for me. I told her all about what I had witnessed in that room and how
uncomfortable I had felt. "Oh, you'll get used to that. We do not ask questions
and we are not responsible for the consequences. There are free condoms in
there, so if they decide not to use them..." she shrugged her shoulders.

"But you did a good job today," she continued, "I heard from a lot of patrons
that they liked you and I might even ask you to work more often. That is if you
would want to."

"Well, I liked it too. Hard work, but fun. I had a good time overall."

"Good, here's your money for today." and she handed me almost 200 dollars. I
was stunned by the amount. "You got a lot of tips," Linda laughed, "and I mean
a lot." I made a quick calculation and got to 120 dollars in tips. That was
more than I made at the store. In the back I changed into my own shirt and put
the money in my purse. When I got out Mark was waiting for me. "You did good
tonight," he said, "Let me walk you to the car. Don't worry, I'm as gay as
anybody can get. I just think it's better if we walk together, okay?"

"Thanks Mark. So you are gay then, are you?"

"Didn't you notice?"

"O yes, I noticed. But who cares?"

Mark burst into laughter and said "I think I like you more than the girl who I
worked with before you. You are fun."

I smiled and stepped into my car. "Thanks Mark, it was a fun night." I said,
closed the door and drove off. On my way back home I drove along a road and saw
girls walking up and down the street. They wore high heels, were dressed really
sexy and I wondered what they were doing. The it hit me, they were hookers.
Real life ladies of the night. I parked my car when I saw a free spot and just
stared at them. As I watched them I felt my nipples harden especially when I
saw one of them lean over, talk to someone in the car and get in. They drove
off somewhere and then I saw another car stop and talk to a different girl, she
was one of the few white girls there. She got into that car and they drove off
too.

I sat there watching them for almost twenty minutes, before I realized where I
was and how dangerous it could be. I started the car and made my way home. All
the time thinking about what I had seen in that room as well as those _working
girls_. As soon as I came home I took a shower to freshen up and I started to
masturbate as the water fell down on me. "Oh yes," I moaned softly, "fuck me,
fuck me hard. Come inside me, come inside my tight little white pussy." I
repeated what that girl had said as she rode that black man. "Oh my Lord,
you're so big. I'm coming," I panted and with a loader moan than intended I had
an orgasm. I almost fell down and started to giggle as soon as I had regained
my breath.

I finished showering, put a towel around me and sat down at the computer. I
went back to the site and wrote my very first post.

> Hi, I've been lurking for a while, reading posts and blogs. I joined on a
> whim and didn't feel the need to post anything until now. Let me just tell
> you who I am. I'm a 19 year old girl and just moved to the big city to study,
> well that was about a year ago.
> I always felt I needed to be that respectable girl from next door. That girl
> you trust to come babysit your children. But lately I've been questioning
> that. It all started when I saw a girl on the beach, she was so beautiful
> with her big breasts and she didn't seem to care what people thought.
> That sparked something in me. I never liked my nose, it's too big and I never
> thought about surgery until now. But I do not know what to do. If I would do
> it I need to talk to my parents about it and I don't know how they would
> respond to something like that. We never spoke about sex at home and I don't
> know if I would dare bring it up now.
> I say sex because I want to do more than just my nose. I want to change
> everything. My chin, my nose and my breasts. I want to look more girly, more
> female than I do. If it wasn't for my long hair people could mistake me for a
> boy. Because of the way I look I never felt comfortable in groups and that
> might be the reason I never had a real boyfriend. That doesn't mean I'm a
> virgin, I lost that a while ago. But a real boyfriend? No.
> So what should I do? Should I go through with all of it and thus have to talk
> to my parents? Or should I just leave it and try to live with the person I
> am? I just don't know the answer to that question.

I read the post a few times before I clicked the _POST_ button. A few
milliseconds later it was on the message board. It didn't take long for someone
to respond.

> Hey, just make sure you are happy with yourself. If that takes surgery, so be
> it. Just take my advice and tell someone you really trust. That will make it
> easier when you are going to tell your parents. I had to learn that the hard
> way. But I am so happy now that my body reflects who I am inside. Another
> advise is to inform yourself. Don't just look online for answers, talk to
> doctors and get their opinions before you decide to do anything.
> Sure it will cost money for consults, but that way you can make informed
> decisions based upon their medical expertise. And just so you know, they've
> heard it all before. You are not the first to come to them about things lik
> this. Kisses, MissBarbie.

I clicked on her profile and she had a photo of herself on there. Just her
body, not her face and she had the most beautiful body. Underneath the latest
one she had posted "Just reached 2800 mils, another milestone reached!" There
were a lot of congratulations under it and I posted "Congrats! I hope I will
get there someday."

The longer I was on that site, the more I posted and the more I got involved in
that whole community. There were a lot of like minded women out there to whom I
could relate and who really understood what I was talking about.

My parents had returned from Europe weeks earlier and I was really nervous as I
got closer to the airport. The flight attendants had been very nice to me
because I really did not like flying. But my mothers birthday was coming up and
it had been a while since I had been home.

My mother picked me up from the airport and after a 40 minute drive I walked
into my old room. It was still the way I had left it and giggled when I saw how
young I was when I left. After a quick shower I told my mother it was okay if
they would reclaim that room. "It's just not my room anymore mom," I said,
"I've grown out of boy bands and stuff." My mother laughed and said "But it's
still your room. Just give me some time."

My father was still at work and I sat down at the table in the kitchen. "Mom,"
I said, "can we talk? I really need to talk." My mother stared at me and sat
down across from me waiting for me to start. "I learned a lot about myself, the
past year or so. I really had to grow up and get more independent. Not that I'm
complaining, it's just something I realized."

"Yes, that was to be expected. And I am so proud of you. You've become an
independent woman and I can see you've grown."

"Thanks, but I really need to tell you something. Something I've kept hidden
and put away in a dark spot. But it has come out and I can't keep it inside
anymore. I need to tell you."

"Tell me what?"

"I want surgery mom. I want to fix my nose, I always hated it. It makes me look
like a boy and every time I look in the mirror I can't help but see it that
way. I've always suppressed it, because you always said I looked so pretty. But
I can't do it anymore. All I see is that big thing in my face, even if I don't
see into a mirror I see that nose of mine."

"But, it's what makes you you," she said, "why do you want to change it?"

"Because it makes me feel insecure," I said, "I always thing people look at my
nose, not at my face. If you could do it myself I would have done it years ago.
But as I said, I pushed it away and learned to live with it. Then I saw online
that it's relatively easy and not that expensive to change it and I've been
thinking about it a lot. And I want to make an appointment to get more
information. To see what they could do about it."

"Does it make you feel that unhappy that you're willing to do such a thing?"

"Yes, and maybe even more. Like my chin, my cheekbones. I want to look more
like a real girl, not a boy who happens to be a girl."

"Wow, that's a lot to process." my mother said, "but I'm so glad you told me. I
am so proud of you for telling me. And if that's they way you feel -- than who
am I to argue. Your father might feel differently, but we will tell him
together. All I want is for you to be happy."

I started to cry and said "Do you mean that?"

"Yes, of course. That's what mothers do, they support their children. I might
not like it, but it's your life and if this is what you need? Then go for it."

I got up and hugged her tightly "Thanks mom, I was so nervous about this."

"Why? You know you can always talk to me. About anything. I'm just so happy you
finally did."

I sat down next to her and said "Well, there's a little more. I want my breasts
enlarged and maybe even do something about my hips. I want to be more feminine,
more girly. I want to be sexy mom."

"Whoa, what size breasts are we talking about. Those you have are just fine."

"These? No, not to me. I want to have really big breasts. And wide hips, I wan
to be a sexy girl. Just like her." and I showed her the pictures of MissBarbie
who I had asked for permission to do so.

My mother said "Oh my, those are huge! You want that?" I nodded.

"Really?" I nodded again.

"It's all I think about the past few months. It's become an obsession to me.
I really feel I need to do this. I've joined this community online and I'm
learning to do my makeup, my hair and I even bought my first heels. 6 inches
and I love them so much."

"Wow, why haven't you told me before?"

"Because I always felt you wanted me to be the respectable girl and I always
felt like the ugly one in school. Remember when I had those glasses and how I
begged to get contacts? That struggle made me suppress the rest. I mean if it
was so hard for me to get contacts, how hard would it be to get the rest I
wanted. So I simply didn't ask."

"Oh wow," my mother said, "I never knew. I always thought you were happy the
way you were. I am so sorry I didn't see."

"That's all my fault mom, I learned to disguise it really well. And I never
talked about it. So how could you know?"

"Well, I don't know about all of this," she waved at the photo I still had open
on my phone, "we'll see when we get there. First let's talk to dad and take it
from there."

Telling my father was even harder, but he responded remarkably well. "Sweetie,"
he said, "I can't say I understand because I don't and I never will. But if
that's what you want. I want to see you happy." A load was lifted from my
shoulders now I didn't have to hide it anymore. Even though they didn't like
what I wanted to do, they were losing the daughter they knew, at least they
supported me.

When I got home I called Marisha and asked her to come over. Telling her was
way easier, I had crossed the biggest hurdle already and she told me she
supported me almost instantly. Even when I showed her the photos of who I
wanted to become she supported me. We talked all night that night and when the
first light came peeking through we hugged and I thanked her.

I was nervous as hell and was so happy Marisha was there to support me. The
waiting room was full of people, some with bandages on their faces. When my
name was called I walked into that office, Marisha right behind me. It took
another five minutes before the doctor entered the room.

"Ah," she said, "you wanted a consult I see. Well, we can do that. Hello I'm
doctor Rozen, with a z. It's a Dutch thing, never mind. Who of you is Laura?"

I raised my hand and she smiled. "Well," I said, "first of all I want my nose
done. It's too big and I am feeling really insecure because of it."

"Why?"

"Because it makes me look like a boy. Every time I watch myself in the mirror I
see a boy looking back. I want a more feminine nose and a smaller chin. I want
a more feminine face."

"But that's what you have," Dr Rozen said, "It's just a rounder face, but still
feminine."

"That's not what I see," I replied, "I see a square jawline, a big nose. I see
a boy, not a girl. The face that looks back at me is not the girl I feel
inside. I want to be pretty."

"Okay, look we're not a clinic that just ask what do you want and we do it. We
do medical checks and work with what I possible. I you want a really tiny nose
it could lead to breathing problems and all kinds of complications. We do not
do that. But we're still willing to listen and look for solutions the both of
us are happy with."

"That's fair and the main reason I came here," I replied, "I want an honest
answer and responsible doctors."

"That's good to hear. But tell me, did you talk to your parents, siblings?"

"No siblings, Marisha is the closest I have to a sister. I trust her
completely." Marisha squeezed my hand as I said it and I continued "and yes
I've spoke to my parents and they support me in this."

"That's good to hear. It's really important that everybody close to you knows
about this. This isn't something you can hide, they will notice. Now let me
have a look." She did some examinations and felt almost all over my face. "Hm,"
she said and "okay, that's fine."

After almost ten minutes she sat down, made some notes and said "Okay, there
is some room we can work with." She took out a piece of paper and drew two
lines on it. "This is your nose now," she said, "these are the your frontal
sinus, your conchae and your nasal vestibule. I know funny names but that's
what they are called. Now, you've got a little more bone matter here and here.
That's easy to remove and we could go a little smaller, but not to the
determent of the frontal sinus and the conchae, they are too important for you
breathing. My advice would be to do the removal first and see if that's enough
for you. If not then we can take another look at what we could do."

"And how much would that cost?"

"Well, depends a little. We need to make x-rays first to get a good estimation,
but I would say as a first guess -- 4,000 dollars."

"4,000?" Marisha blurted out, followed by "I am so sorry, I wanted to be quiet.
I'm here for her."

Dr Rozen laughed and said "I am glad you spoke, I got a little worried."

Marisha laughed and said "I'm not here."

"And how long would it take?" I asked.

"The whole surgery? Two to three hours, then a day or two observation. Then
another four to six weeks healing. You might not like it at first, because
everything will be swollen and painful. But that will reside and everything
will heal." She leaned over, pressed a button and said "Emma, you got a
minute?" One of the assistants walked in and asked how she could help. Dr Rozen
said "I did her nose half a year ago. Isn't it pretty now?"

Emma nodded and said "I wanted to do it for so long and now I am so happy I
did. I wanted to go smaller at first but Dr Rozen told me it wouldn't be
healthy and look really unnatural. Now I am so happy that I listened."

"And how long did it take?"

"In total, for me about six weeks. But it was all worth it."

"Thank you Emma, that will be all." Dr Rozen said, "That's one thing we all do,
we all had things done and we all are open about it. I've had my ears done and
I did some botox a few weeks ago. There's nothing wrong with admitting it."

I left with some more information on paper and a whole lot more determination
to actually do it. I just needed to find the money.
