## Chapter One
Despite anything you might hear about me, I've never been one who wallows in
the center of attention. Quite the contrary as a matter of fact, at parties I'm
the one sitting quietly in the corner. Not that I'm miserable or anything, I
enjoy watching the people mingle and enjoy watching how they act. Now you might
believe it if I tell you how stumped I felt when Marisha asked me to be her
model. She had been studying photography for almost a year and had to make a
series about humans for her final assignment.

She told me she had some ideas and asked me to participate. "Why me?" I asked
her, "You know I don't like my pictures taken, I hardly ever post selfies! Why
do you want me to be your model?" Marisha was quiet for a moment and finally
said "Because you're beautiful and I think the camera will love you. And
besides that I think it will be fun. Think about it, the both of us somewhere
out there shooting photos. Come on, I want to do this with my best friend..."

Who could argue with the _best friend_ argument, nobody! So I gave in and we
made plans to go on a road trip all across the US for three weeks. If I had
known then what I know now I don't think I would have gone, but it's too late
now and what is done is done. I do have to admit though that we did have a lot
of fun, more than I would have expected to have. And, I might add, I started to
like being in front of the camera. Way more than I thought I would. But I'm
getting ahead of myself, let's just start at the day I told my husband about
the plans we had made. Just a few weeks before we would actually leave.

"Oh you can't be serious?", my husband said when I told him about the road trip
we had planned, "Are you seriously going to leave the three of us alone for
three weeks? Who will take care of the kids while I'm at work?" It always was
the same argument raised, never ever did he wonder how I combined my job with
raising the kids, cleaning the house or anything else for that matter.

"Well," I replied, "maybe you'll learn to appreciate everything I'm doing
around here. I'm the one taking care of the kids, I'm the one picking them up
from school every day, I'm the one doing the groceries, the laundry, the
cooking, the cleaning. All of this without any complaint, ever. And now that
I'm asking for three weeks you are complaining? You are denying me this trip?
What are you saying?"

"I would never deny you anything," he replied, "it's just we are on the verge
of a major deal and it's a lot of work now and will lead to even more when the
deal is finalized. I don't have the time."

"That's just it," I shouted, "there's always some deal, something at work. And
I know you are proud of what you build and so am I. But, to be honest, when was
the last time you took me out for dinner? Bought me flowers? Did anything nice
for me to show me you love and appreciate me? Huh? When? You're always off to
work early and come home late. When you do come home you just sit on that couch
and expect me to tend to your every need and hardly ever take time for the
kids. When was it you asked them about their school day? Did you congratulate
Dylan on the grades he got lately? No, all you ever do is work and sit on that
couch. I never complaint, I never asked you to do anything and now I'm telling
you I'm off for three weeks, to have a break, to recharge, you complain?"

He looked down and didn't say a word. "Look," I continued, "I love you more
than anything in the world, the three of you are my live. Everything in my life
revolves around the three of you and I wouldn't want to change that for the
world. But I need this break, I need some to time to be me again, to find
myself again. In all these years I seem to have lost who I am and what I want.
I just want that back again and find a way to combine it all. For that to be
possible I need you to step up to the plate, to have your time at bat. I need
you to support me, in _all_ my decisions and to be my right wing man again,
the one you used to be."

I sat down, holding back the tears as best I could. I don't know what happened
that day, but somehow all my frustrations, all my anger came out the moment he
practically told me I couldn't go on a short break. I had been a loyal wife for
almost eight years by then and a proud mother of 2 for almost five. I loved my
life and although it was hard combining my day job with raising the kids and
all, I never said anything because I believed the moment the company he had
started was able to walk on it's own he would take some of the responsibilities
of my shoulders, but that part never happened. The longer the whole situation
didn't change the more frustrated I got as more and more of the things I liked
to do where put on hold.

The ultimate slap to my face was when he _surprised_ me with a holiday for the
whole family, a full week to Disneyland all expenses paid. I cheered and jumped
for joy, it would be such a lovely experience for the kids. And it was, for me
and the kids. He was in _meetings_ all day, conveniently he had left out the
trip was payed for by the company he had just struck a deal with. We spent days
having fun with all the characters and he was nowhere to be found.

"I guess," he said softly, "I guess you're right."

"You guess?" I shouted again.

"That's not what I meant," he said as he looked up at me, "I've been neglecting
the family, it's just -- the job --"

"Don't say another word," I hissed, "Don't you try. You said when we agreed to
do this you would work hard for a couple of years and once you got the people
who could take over you would slow down. Well, you've got those people now
don't you? Can't Brett take over some of your duties? Why do you need to talk
to the IRS? He's the CFO, isn't he? He can represent you. And what about
Latisha? Can't she do those _creative_ meetings? She's the head of the commerce
department isn't she? Isn't that what you hired her for?"

"Yes," he said, "but it's so hard not to be involved with everything anymore.
It's not like it used to be, just a few of us doing all of it."

I knelt down and said "I understand, the company is your baby. But you have two
of them here too and they would love to spend some time with their dad. Dylan
so desperately wants to show you what he learned at baseball camp, but he knows
better than to ask you. You always tell him tomorrow, so he learned not to ask
anymore. He's almost six Travis, six and he knows better than to ask his dad to
throw a ball for a few minutes. I am scared of what Rosy might learn when she
gets a little older. These are the years you'll never get back if you don't
step up right now."

"I hear what you are saying," he said with tears in his eyes, "I will make the
necessary arrangements at work and we'll make it work. You go on that trip of
yours, have a good time. Just promise not to call everyday, because I know you
will, just let us find a way of doing things."

I placed my hands on his face and said "You know I love you, right? If I didn't
I would have been gone already. I want this to work, I want us to work."

He nodded and said "I love you too and I don't want to loose you. If this is
what it takes, then so be it. Go on that trip and have some fun."

In the days after that talk, Travis kept his word. He had made the necessary
changes at work and one evening he even was home early. "Wow," he said, "it's
like the team as found a new life. They are so much more energized and willing
to work now."

"Yeah," I replied, "I knew when you stopped micro-managing it all they would
feel more responsible. I am sure they will amaze you now you've given them the
chance to prove themselves." He took me in his arms and said "What did I do to
deserve you?" "Oh, I don't know," I replied, "maybe it's because -- no, I don't
know."

He laughed and kissed me before I abruptly turned around and shouted "Who
want's to play catch?" Dylan came storming out of his room shouting "Me! Me! I
want to play catch!" I had tears in my eyes when I saw how happy Dylan was to
play with his dad outside on the yard. I stood there watching them for a few
minutes until Rosy asked for my attention.

During those few weeks I saw that being away for a short period of time
wouldn't hurt my kids, I had a husband who knew how to take care of them. He
started making breakfast for them, even bringing them to school every morning.
He started to enjoy that part of the day and it gave me a few hours for myself
in which I could prepare for the upcoming trip.

The children were crying the morning I would leave. They didn't want me to go
and I had to reassure them it was just for a few weeks. "Mommy will be home
soon," I said, "and she will have lots of stories to tell you, photos to see
and maybe, and I said _maybe_ I'll bring home some presents too." Rosy started
to smile when I mentioned the word _presents_. She liked getting presents and
Dylan dried his tears too.

"Just be good to daddy and do everything he tells you to, just like you do for
mommy," I said to them, "I will call you every night before you go to sleep,
okay? Maybe I'll even tell you a story." I took them in my arms and at that
moment Marisha walked in, saw the suitcases and said "I better get a bigger car
if we have to take all of that." I got up, turned to her and asked "So, how
many suitcases did you bring?"

"Just two more than that," she replied and started to laugh, "why can't we
women ever travel light?"

"Well, what if it starts to rain? Or snow?" I replied, "you've got to prepare
for all of it, haven't you?" I started to laugh too and we took some time to
lighten both our loads a little. We didn't even need half of what we eventually
did take, just to indicate how much we both had packed. A couple of hours later
we were ready to leave. I hugged my husband and kids, told them I loved them
and with tears in my eyes I got into the car. They waved for as long as they
could see us. The first few hours of our trip I was very quiet, felt like I had
abandoned my family. That all changed when Travis sent a chat via _Messages_.
It was a picture of the kids. He had put ketchup on their faces and they laid
down with their heads on the table. "I took care of the kids," he had posted
underneath it, "just like you asked. :)" I burst into laughter and showed
Marisha the photo. Right after another photo appeared, this time it was the
three of them smiling into the camera. "Just kidding," he typed, "Have fun
mommy. Just be home soon! We miss you already! <3"

"When will he learn there are such things as emojis?", Marisha asked and I
laughingly answered "By the time they stop using them." And with that the ice
was broken for me, I turned up the volume of the radio and started to sing
along to the music. Marisha joined in and our girl-road-trip had officially
started.

We drove for a few hours before we stopped at a motel, it was getting late
already and because we had lost a few hours that morning taking care of the
luggage we hadn't made it all the way to where we wanted to go. "But," Marisha
said, "that's not the point of this trip. By wandering around, getting off that
beaten track we might see things we wouldn't ordinarily see and that's exactly
what I want to capture on this series. Rural America, the _real_ America. I
want to show what it's like being a woman exploring the world. How beautiful it
all can be. Hold up, keep standing like that for a moment." She raised up her
camera and took a few pictures of me standing in front of that dilapidated
motel, which was in dire need of some fresh paint. Just as a gush of wind
almost blew off my had and I had to hold it with my left hand, she took another
couple of photos.

We got into our room, it took us almost 45 minutes to get everything out of the
car. "Okay," I said, "new plan. We rearrange our suitcases, everything valuable
goes into one of them, the rest in the others. That way we only have to carry
in one suitcase and leave the rest in the car. If they steal it they will just
have our clothes."

"Good plan," Marisha replied and we took the time to readjust out luggage. When
we were done we both took a shower to freshen up and went looking for a diner
nearby. We found a beautiful one just ten minutes down the road. Marisha took
another couple of photos, most of them of me sitting in that diner. "Just take
that menu in one hand, place your head in the other and look outside. As if
you're waiting for someone. Yes, just like that. Nice." When she sat down I
asked if I could see them.

"No," she said, "you can't see any of them until they are ready. You get to see
them at the expo, just like anybody else." I had all but forgotten about the
exposition she had to do to graduate and I got all anxious about the idea of
photos of me hanging in a gallery somewhere.

"Do you really have to do that?", I asked her.

"Yes, I told you. The exposition is a major part of my grade."

"No, that's not what I meant," I replied, "I meant, do you have to be such a
bitch about it and not show me the photos?" I winked at her and started
laughing. Marisha joined in and said "Well, you know me better than anyone."

A few hours later we returned to our motel room, just in time for me to call
home and talk to the kids. Long live _FaceTime_ I say, it was so nice to see
their little faces. "Dad taught me how to bat," Dylan said with enthusiasm,
"and I hit the ball, mom!" I told him how proud I was. Rosy showed me a picture
she had drawn for me. "Look," she said, "You and Mamisha in the car." I
chuckled and thought 'one day she will learn how to pronounce her name'. 

"Wow," Marisha said as she was looking over my shoulder, "that's a nice car. Is
it pink?"

Rosy nodded and said "Yes, Mamisha loves pink." Marisha laughed and said "Yes,
she does." "Okay, I go now," and with that she handed the phone back to Travis.
"They were so good today," he said, "and just between you and me, well between
you, me and Marisha that is, I love it. Thanks for doing this, I mean it. Now I
know what I've been missing on. How was your day?"

"Oh, we just drove for a while until we ended up here, wherever this may be? We
didn't make it all the way, but that's okay. We've decided to abandon our
plans and just see where the road leads us. This will be a trip full of
surprises." I replied.

"So, no Yellowstone? No Grand Canyon?" he asked.

"Maybe, we'll see. If they cross our path we might go there, if not? Than
that's fine too. We just do not want to be tied up and be pressed for time all
day. We want to relax and see where we'll end up."

"That's nice," Travis replied, "but wait, let's put the children to bed. Kids?
Time for bed! Mommy wants to see you get into bed." I watched them brush their
teeth, climb into their beds and how Travis read them a story. For the first
time I saw him being a _real_ father to them and I noticed how good he was at
it. Even better than that, I saw how much he liked doing it.

Ten minutes later they were both fast asleep and Travis went downstairs. "I
miss you Laura," he said, "but now I know how much I needed this too. You just
have fun, we'll be alright. We'll be more than alright. I love you so much and
I miss you, but don't you come home now, you hear me. You just have that trip
and I will see you again in three weeks."

I nodded and send him kisses, as the screen turned black I felt the distance
between us and if it had been up to me I probably would have gone home again.
But it wasn't just up to me, I had made Marisha a promise and I wasn't about to
break it on the first night. "If it gets to hard," Marisha said, "just say so
and we'll go home. No expo is worth you getting hurt." She placed her hand on
my shoulder and I put mine on top of hers. I just nodded and went to bed.

The next morning when I woke up I saw Travis had sent me a couple of messages,
all photos of the kids having candy for breakfast. "A healthy breakfast to
start the day!" he had typed. They both looked so happy in that photo. The next
one they weren't that happy anymore, all the candy had been replaced by fruits
and vegetables. "Now back to reality!" Travis had sent and I chuckled. "Just be
sure to keep them healthy." I replied. Within a few seconds a photo arrived of
the kids getting in the car to go to school. "Will do!" he had written below
it.

I smiled and put down the phone. Marisha came out of the shower and I got up
too. About an hour later our car was packed up again and we were out of there.
Stopped at that diner for breakfast, decided on where to go during that
breakfast and went on our way when all was done. We chatted, listened to the
radio and along the way Marisha stopped a few times to take some photos. As she
was taking the I turned around and threw my arms up in the air. "Whoohoo," I
shouted, "I'm finally starting to relax a little."

The next part of the trip I drove as Marisha tried to take some photos as we
were moving along the highway. The first exit we came across I took and said
"Why are we on the highway? We wanted to see America, right? Let's take the
smaller roads and see where they go."

"Excellent idea," Marisha replied, "Why didn't I think of that?"

We both understood we wouldn't go as fast as we would be going along the high
way, but at least we got to see more. We drove through big and small towns
looking for a place to stay for the night, when we finally came across a small
hotel in a very small town. The nice lady who ran the hotel, we both guessed
she was reaching 80 by that time, showed us to our room and asked "Will you
both join us for dinner?"

"Join you for dinner?" Marisha asked.

"Oh yes," she replied, "it's tradition here to have dinner with all the
guests. My father started it when he took over this hotel and we do our best to
keep it for at least once a week. My grand-daughter will be here soon, she's in
school learning how to run a hotel."

"That would be lovely," I replied, "are we expected to wear anything formal?"

"Oh no, just freshen up and we'll start in an hour or so." the woman replied.

We had a lovely dinner together with all the guests, Marisha took another
series of photos and explained why she was taking them. "Oh, so you are a
photographer?" the woman asked. "Aspiring to become one," Marisha rebutted. She
took some of the woman and after an hour or two we were back in our room. I
called home to chat with the kids for a while as Marisha was transferring the
photos to her laptop. This would become the daily ritual for us for the next
three weeks.

One of the guests had pointed us to some places to go and see while we were
there so we decided to stay for a couple of days. It was nice not to have to
drive around with a packed car for a while. We found out there was so much to
see there and we could have stayed for much longer, but after three days we
wanted to move on.

As we drove further South we came across a huge lake. Seeing that cool water
made us decide to stop and go swimming. The midday temperatures were almost
unbearable in the car, so it was very welcoming just to step out of it. Marisha
found an almost empty parking lot, which wasn't that strange as it was an
ordinary working day for most people. There was just one car there and they
were getting ready to leave. I laughed seeing them struggle to dry off two very
wet dogs who wanted nothing but to jump back into the water. As we approached
them the man said "Labradors, get Labradors they said." and he laughed.

We walked down the path to the waters edge and I took off my shoes to step into
the water. At first it felt cold, then it started to feel really nice. The
shallow water wasn't that cold. Marisha took some photos and I noticed I didn't
care anymore. She just did her thing as I did mine. From the corners of my eyes
I could still see the camera being pointed at me, but I didn't mind anymore.
She had done it so many times by now I had gotten a little used to it.

Just a few hundred yards from the path there were changing rooms and we both
changed into bikini's. I had also put on a translucent beach robe and some
flipflops. I threw the bag over my shoulder and we tried to find a nice spot to
lay down for a while. As a true mother I took out everything we needed, drinks,
food and sunscreen. Marisha chuckled when she saw all I had taken with me.
"What?!" I said, "we might get thirsty and I don't see a place where we can buy
anything, do you?"

"Oh, you mean like that ice-cream stand over there?" Marisha chuckled.

"Darn it," I replied as I looked at the stand far away, "I am being a mother,
aren't I? Well, at least we won't die of thirst."

"Nope," Marisha laid down and we both applied some sunscreen to our skins. I
couldn't remember the last time I was able to catch some sun. "This is nice," I
said as I laid down. The sun felt hot on my skin and I relaxed even more. "I
wonder what Travis and the kids are doing right now," I whispered, "the kids
are in school and Travis is at work. Will he remember to pick them up? Should I
call him just so he remembers?"

"Don't you dare," Marisha hissed, "we're laying near the water in the sun. Just
relax, Travis got the kids. He's a good father. He just needed to be reminded
of it."

After about thirty minutes I got up and stepped into the water, staring at some
boats in the distance. I could hear the shutter sounds of the camera,
automatically I closed the robe I was wearing. "No," Marisha said, "leave it
open and hanging. It looked so nice. Now turn to me a little, keep looking at
those boats. Yes, like that. Now arc your back a little, yes, nice!" I turned
my head towards her and just as I looked straight into the camera she took
another picture. "Wow, that a good one! Do that again? Yes, just like that. Now
open that robe a little more. Yes!"

The casual day at the lake turned into a real photo shoot all of a sudden,
with Marisha giving me instructions on how to stand. "Now take of that robe and
go in a little deeper." She kept on snapping photos as I went in a little
deeper. At one moment I just dove under water and as I came up I could hear the
camera snapping one photo after the other. It felt so refreshing being in the
water and I started giggling. That was the first moment I started having fun
whilst being photographed.

A few moments later I got out of the water and laid down next to Marisha. She
was checking the photos whispering "yes, yes, oh no, yes, yes, bye bye, no, no,
oh God no, yes." I chuckled a little and enjoyed the warm sun on my skin. By
the time I was dry again, we got up, collected our stuff and made our way to
the ice-cream stand. We sat down in the chairs in the shade as we both were
licking our icy treats.

"We should get going," Marisha said, "we need to find a place to stay for the
night."

"Sorry," the man from the stand said, "I couldn't help but overhear you're
looking for a place to stay. Might I recommend _the Old Tavern_? It's just a
few miles West of here. It's a very nice place, just tell them Johnny sent
you."

"Thank you Sir," Marisha replied, "we will make sure to check it out."

"Oh you'll do more than that, I'm sure. You'll understand when you see it." he
replied.

After a few minutes we walked back to our car which by now had been in the full
son for quite some time. We had to keep the doors open for quite some time
before we dared to get into it. Luckily enough the air conditioning cooled it
down rather quickly. "I hate them," I replied, "It's so nice if you go long
distances, but it's always such a blow to your system if you get out of it."

Marisha had programmed the navigation to _the Old Tavern_ and as it was my time
to drive we soon enough got there. The man hadn't been lying, it was just
beautiful out there. The more we drove West the more mountainous the landscape
became. The tavern was situated at the foot of a large mountain and it just
looked magical. The fields in front of it were green and littered with yellow
flowers, while in the background the top of the mountain was covered in snow.
"We should go up there," Marisha said, "I've never seen real snow before."

Marisha was a Floridian girl, originally from Miami, now living in a town
raised in a desert. We didn't see snow ever, as the lowest it got was around
43F. Or at least as far as I could remember. "Yeah, that might be fun," I
replied. We parked in front of the hotel and took some time to enjoy the views
before we went in.

"Ah," the girl behind the reception said, "I was wondering when you would come
in. First time here? It's always the same, people fall in love instantly and
need some time to take it all in. I'm Becky, how can I help you?"

"We want to rent a room." I replied, "Do you have one with two beds?"

"Oh sure, how long will you be staying?"

"Well, we thought just one night when we drove here, but now I'm not so sure.
We might stay a little longer. We're on a trip you see? We've taken three weeks
to go and see America."

"That's so nice and what made you decide to come here?"

"Oh, we were at the lake earlier," Marisha stepped in, "There was this guy,
Johnny, who recommended this place."

"Ah, Johnny! So nice of him to to such a thing. Well, your more than welcome
here. Clara? Would you please check room 15 and see if it's ready? Thank you.
Now, back to you. Will you two be having dinner too?"

"We're not sure, we like to have a little freedom with that," Marisha replied,
"Is there a time we have to be in? Like a curfew or something?"

Becky laughed "No, nothing like that. If the doors are closed just ring the
doorbell and the night-porter will let you in. Just tell him you're in room 15,
he'll remember you the next time."

"That's nice," I said, "Is there any way we could rent or borrow some warm
clothes. We would like to go up the mountain."

"Oh, sure. But you won't need them. There might be snow up there, but it's all
quite warm too. Just take the _Merrington Trail_, it's the easy one. It might
take a little longer but at least you wouldn't have to climb or anything."

"The Merrington Trail?" Marisha asked.

"Yes, named after Miles Merrington, the founder of this tavern. He came here
almost 100 years ago. We named the trail after him a few years back, I can't
even remember what it was called before that. What was it again? Blue? No, it
was called the red trail as it is marked by red posts. Rather boring name,
wasn't it? Now all the trails are named after pioneers of the old West."

"And, if you don't mind me asking, how long have you been working here?"

"Oh, ever since I was little. My mother owns it now, my full name is Becky
Merrington, Miles was my grandfather. And Johnny, the man you met earlier? He's
my cousin, that's why he recommended this place I guess."

"Well, he was right in one thing. The moment we saw this place we wanted to
stay for a few days." Marisha chuckled.

"Yeah, Johnny is a good man, a little strange, but hasn't got a bad bone in
him." Becky laughed, "Ah, your room is read. Here's your keys and it's just up
the stairs to your right. I wish you a pleasant stay and don't hesitate to ask
if you need anything, okay? We are here to make it all happen."

I nodded as we went up the stairs, it was all just so beautifully decorated.
The paintings were big but didn't look out of place. The plants were luscious
and green, everything was immaculately clean. This was a real change of pace
compared to the motels we had been staying in. The room was also very nicely
don, the beds were made and on the pillows they had left a small box of
chocolates. "Compliments of the staff," the card read. I took some time to look
around, then opened the French doors leading to a balcony.

I gasped when I saw the view from the room. It was just breathtakingly
beautiful, behind me I could hear the shutter sounds coming from the camera. By
now I was used to hearing them. "Lean on the banister," I heard Marisha say and
I did as I was told. It wasn't a punishment to stand there any way, I took a
deep breath of fresh mountain air and just enjoyed being in the moment.

About ten minutes later there was a knock on the door and a young boy in a
porter uniform brought in our luggage. "Your car has been parked in the back,"
he said as he handed Marisha the keys. "Here's the rest of your luggage and
welcome to the Old Tavern."

"What's your name?" Marisha asked as she handed him a 10 dollar tip.

"Oh, thank you Ma'am. I'm Robert, Robert Merrington. I'm Becky's brother."

"Ah, a real family business I see," Marisha said, "Well, I'm making a photo
series of rural America, I might even take some of you too. Are you here every
day?"

"When I'm not in school," Robert replied, "I hope to go to college next year.
Culinary school, I want to be a chef one day."

"That's a good job," I replied, "I hope you will become one."

"Thanks, Ma'am, but I need to go now otherwise Becky will wonder were I am.
Again, welcome to the Tavern and call me if you need anything." with that he
walked away.

"Nice kid," Marisha said as she unloaded one of her suitcases. I followed her
example and placed some of it in the wardrobe. "Why did we bring so much?" I
asked as I shoved the rest under the bed. All Marisha did was chuckle and stood
on the balcony for a few minutes. "We should stay here for a while," she said,
"I like it here and as far as I can see there's enough to do around here."

"We could stay for a few days," I replied, "I'm tired of being in that car all
day anyways." and with that it was decided we would stay. In the end a few
days turned into almost a week and it was one of the best parts of the whole
trip. That evening we had dinner in the small dining room downstairs and after
dinner Robert came out to ask what we thought of it. He had been cooking dinner
with the chef that evening.

"It was wonderful," Marisha replied and he grew several inches when he heard
her say it. When we walked off it was like he glowed of pride. When Becky came
with the bill I tipped an extra 20 dollars. "With compliments to the chef," I
said.

"I will make sure Tony will hear it," she replied.

"No, I meant the _real_ chef." I replied.

Becky chuckled and said "Oh, I will make sure Robert will hear _that_. He will
be so proud. And I will make sure he gets the twenty dollars. Thank you so
much."

At one of the other tables sat a man alone and he was staring at us the whole
time. It made me feel very uncomfortable and I made sure Marisha knew about it.
On more than one occasion I made sure he could see the ring on my finger, but
he didn't seem to care he just kept staring. After we had paid for dinner he
got up and walked over to us.

"Well hello," he said, "what are two lovely ladies like you doing in a hotel
over here?"

"Having dinner," I replied as cold as I could.

"I could see that," he replied, "but what are you going to do now? Any one of
you up for some fun?"

"What?!" I shouted, "how dare you?"

"What?" he replied, "I'm just asking. There's a dance down the road and I
wondered if maybe you two wanted to go. I don't want to go alone. What did you
think I meant?"

"Don't mind her," Marisha intervened, "she's been married for too long. She's
out of the game. But I'm not. So there's a dance? Where?"

"Oh, it's a barn dance. We have them now and again. Oh, I apologize for my
rudeness, my name is Jason, Jason Dolemore. I'm the mayor of this town and I do
apologize once more if I was rude. I never meant it in a bad way."

"You were staring at us the whole time," I replied, "It was very
uncomfortable."

"Yes, I'm sorry for that. It's a very bad habit of mine, one I'm trying my
hardest to stop. But sometimes I just can't help it. Especially when I see two
lovely ladies in the room."

I should have been offended by what he said, but he had a way about him that
simply was charming and I was flattered in some way. That feeling was
immediately followed by guilt, I had a husband and two kids waiting for me and
here I was feeling flattered by some stranger. I could see Marisha smiling as
she looked from him to me and back again. What was she thinking?

I got up and said "We need to go to our room now. I need to call my kids, I
promised to call them every night when they go to bed. Have a good night,
sir." and with that I walked off, closely followed by a softly giggling
Marisha. Back in our room she said "Wow, I was so sure you were about to kiss
him."

I turned around and threw an angry look at her. "How dare you?" I said, "How
dare you even suggest such a thing? I'm married!"

"So?" Marisha replied, "You know what I think about monogamy and marriage. It's
a waste of time to spend most of your life with just one person. People are
meant to be free to be with who they want. There's a difference between sex and
making love. I make love to just one man, with the rest I just have sex."

Marisha had been in an _open_ relationship for almost ten years now. She and
her partner were very open about it. "Just as long as you're honest and tell
each other everything," she once told me, "that's the most important part of
it. Not to hide anything."

I couldn't imagine living like that I told her then "I love Travis too much, 
I'm sure it would hurt him."

"That's what I thought too," Marisha said, "Until we spoke about it, we were
totally honest with each other. He told me about this woman at work and I told
him about this guy I had met at school. We hadn't crossed the line yet, but we
both wanted to. And sure the first time was a little strange, but when we
talked about it afterwards we made love to each other like we hadn't done
before, it was way more intense. Hearing him talk about how he took her, how he
spread her legs and pleasured her. It really turned me on in a way I hadn't
experienced before. The same goes for him when I told him about my date and how
he had taken me. It was just so --"

At that moment Marisha woke me from my daydream and said "Shouldn't you be
calling the kids by now?" I looked at my watch and I was almost 10 minutes
late. I grabbed my phone and opened up the app. Within seconds the screen was
filled with the face of Rosy. "Rosy, Rosy, hold the phone further away. All I
can see is your nose!" I said.

"Okay Mommy," she replied and held the phone so that it only showed the ceiling
of her room. "I made potty today," she said.

"You did? Wow, I am so proud of you."

"Daddy told me no more diapers."

"Wow," I almost cried hearing her say that and knowing I hadn't been there. The
phone went from side to side as she walked towards some place. "Mommy" she said
and handed the phone to Travis. He turned the phone and said "Hey there, love
of my life. How was your day?"

I told him about the Tavern and took him on a short tour around the room. "And
wait till you see this," I said as I opened the door to the balcony, "it's even
better in real life." I turned the camera to the view and I could hear Travis
whistle and say "Maybe next time we could go together. I thought about it for a
while now. What if we ask your or mine parents to take care of the kids and we
go on a trip together? Just the two of us?"

"I would like that very much," I replied. I sat down in one of the chairs on
the balcony and just looked at his face. It was like I was falling in love with
him all over again. "Travis?" I said after a while, "Can we have a serious talk
one day? I need to know where we stand and how we are going forward. I love you
so much, but we need to talk."

"I know," he replied, "what if I call you later tonight? After the kids are
asleep?"

"That would be nice. I love you so much and being away made me realize how
much, but I need some freedom. I need some time for me."

"I understand," he said, "I love you too and do not want to loose you. Let's
just talk later, okay. The kids need to go to bed and I promised the tell them
a story. A story without mom, a story you would never ever tell them."

"Oh what?" I wondered.

"Well, there's this story about a little girl, locked away in a tower a long,
long time ago. There was no door in the tower and she had no way to get out." I
chuckled as I knew he was talking about Rapunzel, a fairy tale I loved as a
child.

"Well, just make sure Rosy can say the name right. Rapunzel it is." I replied
with a chuckle.

Travis winked and told me he would call back later. I sat in the chair for some
time, looked over my shoulder at Marisha who was doing something with her
laptop. I got up, rummaged in a suitcase and got out a book. I sat down again
on the balcony and started to read, another thing I hadn't been able to do for
a long time. We spent a few hours in silence, only disturbed when Robert
brought the coffee we had ordered. Marisha went back to work and I sat down on
the balcony once more.

After a few hours a ding from my phone indicated Travis was calling me. I
answered the phone and closed the doors. I wanted a little privacy for this. It
was clear Travis was laying on the couch, he looked knackered. "Wow," he said,
"those kids a are really tiring."

I nodded and said "One of the reasons I needed this trip."

"I can understand why," he said, "I'm not complaining, but it would be nice if
you were here to take some of the load. Not all of it, never again. I love it
too much. Rosy actually said a proper R today, she told her teacher her mother
was on a trip with her best friend Marisha. She actually said her name right! I
was so proud. And Dylan? Dylan has started peewee ball and he will have his
first proper game in four weeks. He just loves it."

"Wow," I said, "It's almost like you guys don't need me anymore." I felt proud
and somber at the same time. I was missing so much, but I wasn't ready to go
home just yet.

"Travis," I said after a moment of silence, "I've been thinking. Mostly at
night when Marisha is sleeping, during the day there's just no room for
thought. But here it goes. I need some more space, Travis. I need to be able to
do things I want to do. Like today, for the first time in years I actually sat
down and read for a few hours. Normally I'm just too tired and watch some TV,
but today I realized how much I love to read. I don't know how to explain it. I
just need some breathing room, I guess."

"I understand," he replied, "and the past few days have been a blast for me
too. I've made some more changes at work, handing over more responsibilities
and you know what? They can't wait to show me what they've done, I feel more
included although I'm not there all the time. The moment I walk in all of them
can't wait to inform me about their plans, what they have done. That big client
I was talking about? He signed the deal the moment he saw how enthusiastic
everybody was, how many ideas they had and when he left he said to me he wished
he had just one manager like me. It was the biggest complement I've ever had in
my career."

"That's wonderful darling. I am so proud of you. See? That's somehow what I
mean. If you give people some space they might surprise you."

"That's for sure and thank you for showing it to me."

"You're welcome. But back to us, I need some space too. I need to explore who I
am and what I want. This trip made me realize I don't want to be stuck in that
office no more, doing things I really do not like to do. I actually hate what
I'm doing."

"So what do you want to do?"

"I don't know. Look at Marisha, she's becoming what she wants to be. She
actually did something about it. And although she hasn't shown me any of the
photos, she told me that the camera actually loves me. That's photographer
speak for telling me I looked great in them, I guess. But I'm having so much
fun doing this and according to Marisha I should really think about modeling,
they are looking for more _experienced_ women nowadays."

"Then maybe you should," he replied, "all I want is to see you happy and if you
seriously want to do this then go do it. We both know you working isn't really
necessary anymore, heck with the stocks we got I don't even have to work
anymore. But we both like to do it, so why not do something you actually like
to do."

"So you wouldn't be mad at me if I do this?"

"No, why should I?"

"Well, because some of the shoots I would go to could be a bit more _revealing_
than we both are used to."

"Revealing how?" he asked when suddenly his face changed when it finally made
sense to him. "Oh, you mean --"

"Yeah, I'm not saying it will happen, but it is possible."

"Well, let's cross that bridge when we get there. I'm not saying I'm against it
right of the bat, I've learned that the hard way when you finally opened up to
me about what you were feeling. I never want to experience that again. Let's
just be honest and open from now on. Tell each other everything, no more
secrets."

"No more secrets?" I replied, "You really want no more secrets?"

"Yes, why?"

"Well, I've been hiding something from you for a while now. And because we're
being honest I think it's time to tell you."

"Tell me what?"

"Well, something about us when we're together so to say."

"What about it?"

"Well, I might have been thinking about someone else when were together."

"You have? Who?"

"I don't think you like the answer."

"No tell me, who?"

"Roger."

"My brother! You've been thinking about Roger? How often? Was it every time or
just occasionally."

"Well, the more frustrated I got the more I thought of him. I might have been
thinking about him being inside of me while you were and the first time I did I
had such a big orgasm. I am so sorry, but you wanted brutal honesty and this is
me being honest."

"Wow," he said, "Roger! Roger? Wow. Well, at least you're keeping it in the
family."

"You're not mad?"

"Why should I? It's just a fantasy right?" he said clearly thinking about
something. Then he said "You are talking about a fantasy, right? Not that --"

"Oh no," I replied, "no, no. But --"

"But what?"

I looked down, put the phone a little closer and whispered "I wouldn't mind
making it a reality." The moment I had said that I turned the phone away, fully
expecting him to get angry and shout. At the moment Marisha opened the door and
I gestured for her to leave. She apologized and quietly closed the door behind
her. But Travis didn't explode, he just was quiet. I turned the phone around
and looked at his face.

"There you are," he said when he saw me, "I thought I'd give you a moment to
realize what you just told me."

"I know, and I'm sorry. But you wanted me to be honest, you wanted no more
secrets and this is the deepest, darkest secret I was keeping from you. I
thought to just start there and work my way up."

Travis burst into laughter and said "That's one way to look at it."

"Aren't you mad?"

"No"

"Why not?"

"Well, I might have thought similar things. And how can I get mad of you when I
have those same feelings."

"You have?"

"Yes, and actually I've been thinking about this for a long time too. Ever
since Marisha told us about her open relationship with Matt. If we're both
being honest, I've dreamed of sleeping with Marisha for a while. Wondering how
it would be."

"You have? With my best friend?"

"Wow, look who's talking. You just told me you wanted to bone my brother!"

I burst into laughter when he said it so bluntly, he was right but still. "So
you are not mad at me?" I asked him again.

"No, most of all I'm happy we're being honest with each other. Maybe we should
think about _opening up_ our marriage too. Maybe Marisha is right after all and
we aren't meant to be monogamous. Maybe we both need to have some _elbow room_,
if you get my drift."

I couldn't believe we actually were having this conversation and over the phone
for all crying out loud. But I knew we were destined to have this talk for
quite some time, at least we weren't talking about a divorce. I just stared at
his handsome face and said "I think I'm falling for you all over again," I
whispered, "I love you so much, Travis. Marrying you was the best decision I
ever made and you gave me two of the best presents anyone could give me."

"Well, you did most of the heavy lifting on that one." he replied.

I burst into laughter once again and said "That's true, but still. You were
there for me through all the pains, cravings and silly demands I made. You kept
holding my hand through all the mood swings and I love you for that. I want
that husband back."

"And you will, just as soon as you come home I will show you. The old Travis is
back and he's here to stay."

"I would love that," I replied, "and we will talk about the other things when I
get home, okay?"

He nodded and said "Just be honest with me. Tell me everything. No more secrets
between us from now on. I love you Laura and that will never change. If I need
to give you more space so you will always come back to me, I am willing to do
that for you. All I want is for you to be happy."

I threw him a kiss and turned off the phone, I sat there for about half an hour
just staring at he beautiful view. I couldn't believe what just had happened,
we had opened up more deeply than we had ever done before. I always felt it was
normal for a couple to have secrets from each other, but now we had told them
to each other I felt more connected to him than ever before. Even now when
there were thousands of miles between us.

When I walked in the room Marisha was laying on her bed, reading some magazine.
"Yeah, it took a while so I went down to get something to read," she said as
she was getting up. "You two had a serious talk, I assume by the way you
shushed me off."

I nodded, sat down on the edge of my bed and said "Travis and I have decided to
get a divorce. He's taking the kids and he's moving away to India. They will
become beggars there, fighting for food, but he thinks that will be best for
them. I don't know what to do," I turned to her and said "Should I just follow
them and become a beggar too?"

Marisha burst into laughter and said "Where the hell did that come from?"

I smiled laid down on my stomach and said "Do you remember what you told me a
few months back? How you and Matt had a _serious_ talk before you both started
dating other people?" Marisha nodded and I continued "Well, we might just have
had the same talk."

"What? You two? Wow. Where did that come from?"

"Well, it's been in my head ever since you told me and I might have been
fantasizing about someone while I was with Travis."

"You were thinking about someone else while you were having sex with Travis?
Who?"

"Roger, his brother."

"Roger? Really? Wow, I wouldn't mind having breakfast with him one day. He's
hot."

"Isn't he? Well, tonight we opened up. He said 'no more secrets' and I just
blurted it out. I fully expected him to get angry with me, but he didn't. He
told me he had the same thoughts and feelings, so how could he get angry?"

"He does, about who?"

"I can't tell you that! I promised not to tell."

"I don't care. Who? Was it me? It was me, wasn't it? Yes, it is. Your face
tells me everything. He wants to sleep with me? Wow."

"Don't tell him I told you."

"That's easy, you didn't. I deduced it all on my own. Wow, Travis wants to
sleep with me. He wants to spread my legs and take me."

"Don't be so rude," I said with a chuckle, "I don't want to hear it."

"Well, that's part of the deal if you're going to make it. You have to tell
each other everything, every single detail. How the guy lifted you up and how
he felt as he slipped inside you. How his big cock made you scream and squeal,
how you orgasmed multiple times on his big black dick. Or how it felt when you
were being gangbanged by five men, how they felt as they were inside your cunt
and your ass at the same time."

I felt myself blush as I listened to her talk like that. Marisha noticed and
said "You will have to get used to hearing stuff like that, or talking like
that. I have and I've only told you about the things that happened to me. I've
not even started about the things I fantasize about."

"You've been with five men?"

"Yes, I've had sex with multiple men at the same time. They fucked me so hard I
could barely walk afterwards. And when I came home and told Matt he took me
once more, adding his cum to theirs inside me."

"You let them do that?"

"Oh yes, I never use a condom. The thrill of getting pregnant is to
exhilarating for me."

"But what about STDs or AIDS?"

"Oh, in the first place all of them are tested before we go anywhere, second of
all that's what doctors are for."

"But what about those men you've been with on the spur of the moment?"

"What about them?"

"Were they tested too?"

"No, then I do use a condom."

"Ah, it's your dates that are tested."

"Yeah. Matt and I joined this site a few months ago. It's a community of like
minded people and you can openly flirt with someone. Come here, I will show
you."

I laid down next to her and she opened an app on her phone, _Second Love_ it
was called. She showed me the profiles and said "If you swipe left you don't
like them, if you swipe right you do. When you do swipe right on someone he/she
might contact you."

"She?"

"Oh yes, I've had sex with a few women too."

"Do you have to say it like that?"

"Yes, just get used to it. Just call it what it is. It's just sex, nothing more
nothing less. It's scratching an itch your partner can't reach, so to say. As I
said, I've sex with men, I only make love to one of them and that's Matt. We
make love, which goes way deeper than just sex. We take the time with each
other, make sure we both are satisfied. But there are some things he just can't
do. He can't make my vagina hurt from stretching, he can't fill my two holes at
the same time. He can't treat me like a slut or a whore, he just loves me too
much for that. But I also need to feel that, I need to be treated like a dirty
slut sometimes. I need to feel overpowered by men who just do whatever it is
they want to do to me. I love that feeling, but I also love the tenderness Matt
gives me. That total feeling of connection to another human being."

"I think I understand. It's like when I'm thinking about Roger as I'm having
_sex_ with Travis. Or am I not getting it?"

"You're almost there. Just remember one thing if you are going to do this.
You're just having sex. You don't make love to them, it's nothing more than
just some ordinary, filthy, totally exhilarating sex."

I looked at the ceiling as I had lots to process. Marisha had been open about
her relationship with Matt before, but never to the extreme as this. It sure
had given me lots to think about. That night I dreamed about being with
multiple men at the same time, they just kept popping up out of nowhere. One
after the other had his way with me, until one face made me wake up from that
dream. I had seen Matt's face!

As I startled awake I felt myself being all wet down there, I was just soaking
and felt a little ashamed of myself. I turned my face towards Marisha in the
other bed and quietly got up to clean myself in the bathroom. I locked the door
behind me and took off my shirt and panties. Instead of cleaning myself I
thought about my dream and started to masturbate. It didn't take long for me to
feel an orgasm coming up and I bit my lip to keep as quiet as was possible. I
just couldn't help but let go of a loud moan as the orgasm rolled through my
body.

I clasped my mouth to muffle the sound and listened whether Marisha had heard
me. As the orgasm subsided I started to giggle a little, it was so exciting to
me and I leaned against the sink, lifted my leg and started rubbing my clit
again. Within seconds I was climaxing again, this time I bit a towel as another
orgasm took hold of me. When I regained my posture I finally cleaned myself,
put on a fresh pair of panties and my shirt, quietly returning to my bed.

"Don't make so much noise next time," I heard Marisha moan from the other bed.
I was frozen as I heard her speak, clearly she had heard everything and I
started to giggle. Marisha turned around and said "Welcome to the club, I
guess." She snapped on the light and I saw she was totally naked. She spread
her legs and started to masturbate right in front of me. I watched her how she
slid her fingers inside her and within seconds I was wet again.

Slowly I took of my clothes to and we watched each other masturbate for a
while. My heart stopped when she got up and on top of me. She just stared in to
my eyes as he leg pressed firmly against my fully wet pussy. I started to rub
against her leg and she got lower to kiss me. A few minutes later we were in
each others arms, kissing, rubbing each others clits and sucking breasts. After
about twenty minutes we both came feeling each others fingers in our wet
pussies. Not long after that we fell asleep.
