# Chapter One
In a sea of corn and wheat, stretching for miles and miles, there is this
beacon of civilization. Just one road leads to and from this small town, a path
through an ocean of yellows and greens, especially during harvest time you
would be driving along corridors of green stems reaching for the sky. Then out
of nowhere you can see the peak of a church, followed by houses, you are
reaching Whitestone, population 1298.

Whitestone is your typical farmer town, with just the basics needed for
everyday live. There is a grocery store, a barbershop, a small town bar and a
garage supplying all of the repairs needed. For everything else the people
living there have to rely on Dearborn, a city 90 miles down that road through
those fields of corn and wheat. Knowing that it's not difficult to understand
why the people of Whitestone had setup a community drive to get groceries for
multiple families in one go.

It was a Saturday, it was my fathers turn to drive to Dearborn and my first
time joining him. I was all excited because I had never been to Dearborn
before and I couldn't imagine what a big city would be like. As we made our way
to Luke's Automobiles, where we could pick up the van, I was skipping all the
way over. Luke saw us coming and waved. "Looks like a good day for a drive," he
said looking up to the sky.

"It sure does," my father replied, "do we have all the lists?"

"Oh yes. The book is already in the van. Seems the Hendersons need something
special, being it their sons birthday and all."

"I will keep that in mind," my father replied as he opened the door of the van.
I climbed in, grabbed the book and sat down in the passengers' seat. "Wow,
little lady," he said, "calm down a bit." He turned to Luke and said "It's her
first time going to Dearborn. She's been excited for days." Luke chuckled and
said "Well little lady, don't you get lost now, you hear?" I just nodded and
waved to Luke as we drove off.

The fields weren't fully grown yet and from the height of the van I could see
for miles over the fields. But mostly I looked forward, eager to see the first
signs of Dearborn, the big city. My father turned on the radio and we sang
along with some songs.

"Dad," I said after a while, "how much bigger is Dearborn?"

"Oh," he replied, "I don't know for sure, but it's a lot bigger. So you just
stay close to me. Don't run off like you can do at home now, you hear? I do not
want to be looking for you."

"Okay dad," I replied and with the excitement of going to a big city there also
was some anxiety coming up.

After almost a two hour drive I saw the first buildings of Dearborn, they were
so high. "Those must be some very rich people living there," I said to my
father. He chuckled and said "No honey, those are apartment buildings. Multiple
families live in those. Like two or three on every floor."

"Wow," I just uttered trying to imagine what that would be like. I was totally
amazed be the shear number of people as there were almost 12 of those buildings
to be seen and maybe there were even more. As we drove into town I didn't know
where to look, it was all so different from what I was used to. I saw a
restaurant, a big garage and some other businesses. We parked near the big
grocery store and my father asked for the book. I handed it to him and we got
out of the van.

Ten minutes later I was standing on a special spot for kids as my father pushed
the shopping cart along racks and racks of groceries. I gasped at all the
different kinds of serial they were offering and almost fainted as we passed
the racks full of candy. "Now if you are a good girl," my father said, "maybe
we can get you something special today." I cheered and said I would be.

I took us almost an hour to get all the groceries and we ended up with multiple
carts loaded. My father paid for it all and when the van was finally filled
with everything we had bought he said "Now, for that special thing I talked
about," he said, "come." He took my hand and we entered another big store, this
one was filled with all kinds of things like chairs for the garden, toys and
things for school. But we stopped at the clothes department. "Now," he said,
"Mom and I agreed on this and you may choose anything you like." It didn't take
me long to find the thing I wanted, a bright pink dress with small yellow
flowers. If you looked closely enough you even could find a small rabbit hiding
somewhere. "This one," I said proudly, "I want this one."

At the register my father said to the woman "She doesn't want to take it off,
is that a problem?" The woman laughed and smiled at me as she cut off the
tags. "No," she said, "it looks lovely dear." I smiled and spun around in my
new dress, the skirt flowing as I spun around. "That will be 15 dollars,
please."

On our way back we stopped for ice-cream and enjoyed the icy treats as we made
our way back to Whitestone. Once there my father and I sorted all the groceries
into different boxes and tabulated the costs. Then we started delivering
everything we had acquired. At the Hendersons I congratulated Travis, he was
just a year younger than me. His father got the groceries out of the van as his
mother handed my father what was owed. "And," he whispered, "we added a small
surprise for Travis in there."

Another hour later we had delivered all the groceries. As we arrived home I
jumped out of the van and ran inside. My mother marveled the new dress I had
chosen and she smiled from ear to ear. "And how was Dearborn?" she asked. "Did
you know they have apartment buildings there?" I said all excited, "Dad told me
many families live in them. Can we live in an apartment building mom? Like on
the top floor? I think you could see for miles up there."

"Well," she said, "It could well be that one day you will, honey. Like when you
go to college or something, but for now we will just live here okay?" I nodded
and ran off to Marisha my new dress. Marisha was the girl next door, we had
been friends for as long as I could remember. According to my parents we shared
cods together.

All of that was nearly 12 years ago and now I was 18 about to go to college. In
the mean time I had learned Dearborn wasn't as big as I thought it was when I
was six years old. Sure, Whitestone was a small community and I loved living
there, but I wanted to see the world and had chosen to study Hospitality and
Tourism Management. I had read every book from the library in Dearborn about
almost all the countries in the world and I had made a top ten of countries I
wanted to visit. To be able to go to a college where I could do that, I had to
move to Fort Dix.

Fort Dix was the largest city of our state and the capital. According to
history it was the place where the first settlers landed and the monument was
one of the first things I wanted to visit once I got there. My mother was
crying a little as I was packing my car, she was sad and happy to see me go but
she didn't like it I had to move so far away. Every chance she got she hugged
me and said "Oh, why do you have to go to Dix, can't you just go to college in
Dearborn? That way you could still live with us."

"Mom!", I chuckled every time she hugged me, "Don't worry, Marisha will be
there to watch over me." She just nodded and laughed when she saw Marisha
walking up with a lot more suitcases we had to get into the car somehow.
"That's never going to fit," my mother said, "you know what? Why don't we ask
Luke for the van and your father and I could join you two on the trip over. We
can unload everything and help you two get settled in." Just as she was saying
that Marisha's mother arrived and said "If we're going to get the van I will be
going too." My mother turned around and said "Why don't we make it an all girls 
road trip then?"

Just about an hour later Marisha and I got into my car and our mothers got into
the van. It would take us almost 26 hours to get to Fort Dix and we decided to
stop half way at a motel to spend the night there. Marisha and I had one room,
our mothers the other. The next day we got up early to drive the last leg all
the way to Fort Dix. We entered the city from the south, along the Sea Coast
Drive. Both of us wanted to see the ocean and we stopped just to take it all
in. My mother took me in her arms and said "Isn't it beautiful?" I just nodded
and dreamed about crossing it in a boat to see the world.

The sound of an airplane indicated we were near an airfield and automatically I
looked up at it. How I wanted to be one of the people in there. It was almost
an hour later when we arrived at the apartment building where Marisha and I
would share a small apartment. "Well, at least you were right mom." I said.
"About what honey?" she replied. "You told me once I was going to live in one
of these and you were right." I laughed.

Our mothers unpacked the van onto the carts we had borrowed as Marisha and I
went into the office of the caretaker for our keys and everything else.
"Hello," the man said as we entered his office, "My name is Jose and who might
you two be?" I introduced us and Jose handed us our keys when everything was
verified. "Doors close at eleven and you are expected to be quiet at midnight,"
he said, "If you come in after eleven you will have to ring the doorbell and
the night watch will let you in. If you have guests you will need to inform us
beforehand and if we catch you having guests without informing us you will get
a strike. Three strikes and you will have to be looking for somewhere else to
live. Those are the rules. Welcome to the Harbor."

The Harbor was an extension built by Kingston College when the dorms got to
overcrowded. In the years it was active it had become more popular than the
dorms themselves, but was only available for students that came from far away.
Marisha and I came just about far enough to qualify and we got awarded an
apartment in the Harbor, which was located just a ten minute walk from the
college through a beautiful Kingston Park.

By the time we were done signing all the paperwork and listening to the
instructions Jose gave us our mothers were waiting for us just outside the
office. With big smiles on our faces we both showed them our keys and we got
into the elevator to the 12th floor, apartment 12c had been assigned to us. To
our utter amazement it was located to the south of the building and the small
balcony was bathing in the sunlight. My mother opened the doors to the balcony
and the fresh, salty air entered the apartment. I walked outside to enjoy the
view, if I turned my head to the left I could just about see the ocean for the
rest it had a nice view over Kingston park.

I stretched my body and took a deep breath, it had been a long drive over and
after a minute or two I joined the rest unpacking our belongings. Marisha
already had chosen a room "You take that one," she said, "It has a nice view
which I know you will like." and she was right. I loved the view and my new
room. I ran over to her and hugged her. "Thank you," I whispered. She just
smiled and nodded. It was so typical Marisha to think about others before
herself, but when I walked into the room she had chosen I saw she had even a
better view.

"You darn --" I shouted and Marisha sped away laughing. "Did you really think I
wouldn't choose the room with the best view?" I threw a pillow towards her and
started laughing too. "I will get you for this one," I hissed, but then Marisha
said "Okay, okay, you can have the room with the ocean view. I was just
kidding."

"I can?" I shouted, "are you sure?"

"Yeah, yeah, I know how much you will enjoy it and I really don't care about
it. I just wanted to see how you would react." she laughed and with that it was
decided. She would get the room with the small balcony and I got the room with
the best view possible, allowing me to dream about crossing those waters into
adventures unknown. It took us almost three hours to unpack everything we had
brought, when we were done we decided to get a bite to eat. Jose pointed us to
a small but very good restaurant nearby, _Judy and the Whale_.

After a nice dinner we explored the surroundings a little and we stopped by the
monument dedicated to the landing of the first settlers. It was a never ending
fire on top of a stone beacon, nearby was a plaque describing how the settlers
came ashore and how they built the old fort. I looked up and out of the small
bay trying to imagine how that would have been like back then, almost 400 years
ago. As always my imagination ran wild and I fabricated a whole story in my
head. By the time we had to go Marisha bumped my shoulder saying "Come on
dreamer, we have to go back. It's getting dark already."

I shook my head and followed the three women in front of me. Arm in arm we
walked back to the Harbor, greeted Jose as we walked in, introduced ourselves
to the night watchman and got back to our apartment. Marisha and I slept in my
room, our mothers in hers. The next morning we spent some time together having
breakfast, but the time to say goodbye came sooner than all of us wanted.

It was around noon our mothers got into the van and drove off. For the first
time Marisha and I were truly on our own. The both of us were excited and
anxious at the same time, but it was nice to at least have each other as we
started this new adventure. We still had a few days before college started so
we could get to know Fort Dix a little. We had to know where we could get
groceries and stuff like that. Sure we could eat at the college every night,
but why would we as we had a kitchen in our apartment. Marisha loved to cook
and I was eager to learn.

On the third day I wanted to explore a little further as it was such a
beautiful day outside. Marisha just wanted to stay home and read, she had
chosen English as her major and wanted to become a journalist one day. "Well,"
I said, "looks like I'm going on my own then. Have fun!". It was nice to be on
my own for a while as I walked through the park towards the college. I wanted
to see where it was and how it looked. After a short walk I went through the
gates and a guard shouted "Hey, hey, we aren't open yet!" "I know," I shouted
back, "I'm going to start here soon and I just wanted to take a short look
around, is that okay?" He waved and said "Just don't be long."

I marveled at all the old buildings and watched as people rushed from building
to building carrying books, desks and all kinds of other things. I sat down on
a bench underneath an old oak tree. On the next bench an elderly man sat
reading a book. "Every year it's the same thing," he sighed, "hurrying to get
ready for the new school year, decorating the new office. I am so glad I don't
have to do that anymore." He looked at me and said "Hi, my name is Theo, Theo
O'Leary. Professor of Mathematics."

"Hello Mr O'Leary," I replied, "Laura, Laura Davis."

"Oh leave out that Mr part, please. Just call me Theo. I might be old, but I'm
not that old." he chuckled. "Starting soon, I guess." I nodded and said "In a
few days." "Ah," he replied, "and might that be Mathematics?" I shook my head
and said "H&T." "Ah one of those," he chuckled.

"One of those?" I repeated him, "What do you mean 'one of those'?"

"Dreamers, people who want to explore the world. They are all the same, wanting
to go somewhere else only to discover there's no place like home."

"You might be right," I said, "but at least I've been there."

"Touche," he chuckled, "well, Maths took me all over the world." And with that
he got up and walked away. Later I would learn he had received the biggest
prices available in science and was world renowned as a mathematician, yet he
was so _normal_.

A few minutes later I got up and waved to the guard as I left the college
grounds, he just waved back and continued whatever he was doing. I had two
choices then, right to go back or turn left to explore a little further. I
chose to turn left and made my way into Fort Dix proper. Another few minutes
walk away there was a big mall with all kinds of shops. I entered the
_Mermaids Island Mall_ from the west and after looking around a little I left
through the south exit. I walked a few blocks deeper into downtown Fort Dix,
when I slowly entered the parts known as _Old Town_.

A plaque on a small, three brick high wall told me it indicated the old
boundaries of the earliest settlement and stopped at several signs on buildings
telling the story of how Fort Dix had become the city it is today. I sat down
at a small cafe for a latte and enjoyed watching the people go by.

It was almost five in the afternoon when I returned back home. "I almost called
the police," Marisha chuckled as I entered, "Did you get lost or something?" I
shook my head and told her all about what I had seen and where I had been. When
I told her about O'Leary she said "Wow, that's creepy!" "Oh no," I said in
response, "Firstly he sat on the other bench a few yards from me and secondly
he was very nice, not creepy at all. He was just being friendly, that's all."

"Well, that might be your assessment, but I still think it's creepy. Come on I
will show you how to cook water." she chuckled as she insulted my cooking
skills. I knew I was a complete newbie at it, but I knew how to cook water at
least. I slapped her shoulder and followed her into the kitchen.

The next day we fulfilled the last task we had to do before starting college,
we went out to get Marisha's car. It had been delivered to a yard just outside
Fort Dix and Marisha couldn't wait to pick it up. When we arrived there was a
surprise for us on the back seat of the car. Two suitcases with our names on
it, filled to the brim with groceries and letters from home. We sat down in the
front seats reading the letters, both with tears in our eyes. Such a nice
gesture from everybody there. My father had collected something from everybody
in Whitestone for us and there were so many cards and letters to read.

Finally I picked the last one and it was from Travis. He talked about how much
he missed me and how he wished he would graduate to follow me to Fort Dix. We
had become somewhat of an item, but it was more like an on-off relationship we
had. But reading his letter made me really miss him. "Aw," I whispered, "he
really misses me." Marisha melted and said "He's such a nice boy, you are so
lucky!" I just nodded, we sat there for a while until one of the men working
there ushered us to get off the property. We laughed, I got into my own car and
we drove home.

I placed all the letters on my desk, the cards I pinned into a cork board I had
purchased before we left Whitestone. This was the perfect time to finally put
it on the wall together with some of the photos I had brought with me. Slowly I
made the room my own, but didn't want to haste it either I wanted it to grow
steadily as we progressed on our adventure as college students.

Finally the first day of college arrived and we both got up early to get ready
for the big day. Both of us excited, eager and anxious about what was to come
and of course we arrived way too early. We saw loads of cars trying to get onto
the college grounds to get to the dorms and we couldn't help but chuckle a
little.

At the gate we saw desks with assigned letters and I got in the line for the
letter D. Just a few minutes later I gave the girl my name and she handed me my
college card and a badge. "Wear this for the first week so teachers know who
you are. This is your college card, it will not only allow you to enter the
buildings it also gives you a discount at several stores in town. In this flier
you can find out which ones they are. Don't loose it as it will cost you 30
dollars to replace it." I looked at the photo on my card and wished I had
chosen a different one, this was the same one as on my drivers license and I
hated that picture. The girl continued "Now, on this map you can find where you
are expected to go to get your locker, books and everything else you might
need. At noon the Dean will open the year and you are expected to be there for
it." I nodded and thanked her.

I waited for Marisha and together we crossed the imaginary line through the
gate, we were college students now and our new lives had officially began.
