# Chapter One
These were the last few weeks before summer break, just one more round of
exams and this year would be over with, finally. I was sitting at my desk bent
over my books, the music of the Friday-party were clearly audible and I would
have loved to be one of the students there, but I couldn't I had to cram for
this last round of tests, I just had to. Failure was _not_ an option, but I had
to admit it was a lot harder than I thought it would be.

And there was just one class that could determine whether I could go home for
the break or had to stay for summer classes. This round was that important to
me. For the other ones I wasn't that nervous, it was Law 101 that bothered me.
Was choosing law as a major such a good idea? On hindsight I did have my
doubts, but all the second or third year students I had spoken with told me it
would get easier, so that was what I held on to.

My thoughts went back to my parents and I wondered what they were doing right
now. Both of the would be at work I presumed, they both had very demanding
jobs which was one of the reasons I wanted to move away. I wanted to get away 
from that lifestyle, that small circle of so-called friends my parents had
surrounded themselves with. Sure we lived in a nice apartment in a big city,
but to me it became more and more suffocating the older I got.

"Duckling," she said one night, "why did you choose to go that far away?
Couldn't you have chosen a college closer to home? Now I just don't get to see
you as often as I want to."

Duckling, I thought to myself, how appropriate a nickname she used there. I
knew I wasn't the prettiest girl in school, I was bullied all the way through
middle and high school for my fiery red hair and my glasses. I was literally
that duckling of the fairy tale, hoping to grow into a beautiful swam one day.
And the first step to swan-hood had been moving away to college.

"Mom," I replied, "when was the last time we spoke? Either you're on your way
out, or you just came home again. No matter what, you don't seem to have time
for me. And that's okay, I know how to take care of myself. This just something
I _have_ to do. If I go to a college nearby I am sure I will run into those
same people again. I need a fresh start, I need to go somewhere I don't know
anyone and I am so lucky I got into this college. Remember how happy I was when
they finally called there was an opening for me? I just need to do this, mom."

"I know," she said, "and I'm sorry I'm not always here for you. I will try to
change that, but sometimes there are emergencies and I can't walk away from my
patients. I hope you understand."

"I do mom," I relied, "and I know we're lucky to have all of this. But it
doesn't mean anything to me, this is normal for me. You might have grown up
poor, but I didn't. This is all I know and I want to learn about the real
world, mom. The world you grew up in and I can't do that if I stay here."

My mother sighed and said "I think I understand, I don't like it but I think I
do understand. You have to spread your wings and fly. I know, I know. Just
remember I love you and the door will always be open for you. You're my
daughter and no matter what I love you, unconditionally."

She always said that, but she never really showed it to me so I just nodded and
replied "I know mom, thanks." But deep inside I wished she would just show me
some day, I don't know how just that I needed to really feel it.

The music brought me back to reality and the clock told me it was nearly
midnight, I had been studying for over six hours now and felt like I hadn't
even made a dent. I placed my head on my arms and sighed deeply, I was never
ever going to make it. There was just no way I could possibly remember all of
this, I told myself to accept the fact I would be staying over for summer. My
mother would be so disappointed, she was really looking forward to seeing me
again, she kept reminding me every time I called.

I turned my head and stared at the empty bed on the other side of the room, as
I had been a late addition I was the one who didn't have a room mate. The only
thing that could change that fact was if someone transferred over from another
school, but the chance of that happening was practically zero. I got up,
grabbed my mug and slowly made my way down the hall to the central living area
where the coffee machines were. I placed my card against the sensor and typed
in the code for a latte. Not long after that I slowly made my way back to my
room again, by this time the party was over and all the attendants started
streaming in to go their rooms.

Through the door I listened to their chatter and laughter as I sipped from what
should have been a latte, but resembled coffee with cream more. A few minutes
later everything went quiet for the odd noise, as it was a rule no more
disturbances after midnight, the only exception was Friday when it was an hour
later. This rule existed because of the schedules of some of the students, like
the ones from the Historical department, they had to get up very early to go to
some dig site somewhere. I didn't really care, I loved it being quiet early, at
least I could get some sleep.

The next day I woke up rather early, got ready to go to the library to study. I
had to check some things in the books they had there. After a shower and a
quick breakfast I made my way over there, greeted the librarian as I walked in
and went straight to the law section. There was someone sitting at my favorite
table, the one a bit more to the side of everybody and silently I cursed a
little. I got the books I needed and slowly walked over to her.

"Excuse me," I said, "mind if I join you?"

She looked around and saw all the tables occupied, the just nodded. "Hi," I
said as I sat down, "I'm Laura, we're in the same class I presume."

"Why?" was all she said.

"Well, you got the same books as I did. Maybe we could study together? I have
so many questions and I just don't seem to understand it all."

"If you need help sit somewhere else," was her reply.

With that I knew my place and silently opened my books to where I had left off
the night before. I read some pages, made some notes, highlighted text and
checked some laws they were referring too in the books. After about half an
hour she said "Marisha." I looked up at her and she repeated, "Marisha, my name
is Marisha. You introduced yourself so I thought it was appropriate to tell you
my name too."

I nodded and went back to studying, not long after she said "Do you understand
what they mean on page 84? It's all gibberish to me." I didn't say a word and
went back a few pages. "No, that was something I wanted to check. What do you
think it means?"

Marisha looked up and we started discussing what we thought was the answer,
from the next table a third year student said "You both got it wrong." He
explained everything and suddenly it clicked with me. "Ah, you mean that
according to Terry v Ohio a  police officer can search a person if there's a
reasonable suspicion, don't you? But what about our constitutional right to
privacy?"

"Ah, a constitutional scholar?" he replied, "According to the Supreme Court
there isn't an issue. The officer must have reasonable suspicion, like in that
case. They were clearly casing the joint and when he searched them they had
concealed weapons on them, something that isn't allowed in the great state of
Ohio. But this isn't federal law, this is state law so in the case they are
citing on page 84 it doesn't apply as the case is in New York State, which to
my knowledge isn't in Ohio."

"It's all those Latin terms that confuse me," Marisha said.

"Don't worry," he replied, "you will get them eventually. You just have to
start using them daily and in the second year you will."

"Could you stay a little longer?" I asked him, "I have so many more questions
and I really need to pass the finals."

"Sure," he replied, "I love to, I like teaching the _younger kids_." He
chuckled and said "My name is Liam by the way, Liam O'Brian. Pleased to meet
you two, first year students?"

We both nodded and he went on saying "First year was a hard year for me too.
It's all so dry and then all those terms? I can't remember how often I wanted
to quit, but I persevered and now I'm in third year. Just a dissertation away
from graduating. Then back to the real world of corporate law. What do you guys
want to do when you graduate?"

"I was thinking about Criminal law," I replied, "but I'm not sure yet."

"Civil rights," Marisha said, "I don't care about the other things."

"Civil Rights? Wow, that's a tall order." Liam responded, "better get started
then." He explained every question we had, not by telling us what the answer
was but by challenging us to think for ourselves. "Corpus delicti is the total
body of evidence against someone, it doesn't have to be a physical thing.
That's what a lot of those so called sovereign citizens get wrong, they take it
literally. Like when they ask who the injured party is at a traffic stop."
Within a few hours we had gone over all off it and somehow it started to make
sense to me.

"I'm sorry," he said, "but I really have to go now. I'm already late and my
fiance is waiting for me." He collected his stuff and as he got up he handed me
a piece of paper "Just call me if you have any questions. Maybe we could do
this again sometime, it was fun for me. Bye girls, have a nice evening." With
that he walked away.

I turned to Marisha and said "I don't know about you, but I think he should
leave Corporate Law behind and become a teacher. This was so helpful to me."

Marisha nodded saying "Yes, this was rather fun. And maybe he's right, maybe we
should do this again one day."

"Oh no," I replied, "not just one day, we should do this on a regular basis. I
want more of this."

Marisha laughed "Talking like a real lawyer."

I chuckled and took a plunge "Want to get something to eat? I'm starving."

"I could eat something," she replied, "Pizza?"

"Pizza would be great," I replied, "Let's get a big one and find a nice spot on
the fields, maybe get something to drink first."

With that we got up to get some soda from the on-campus store before we ordered
our pizza. It was very busy by the time we got there and we spent the time
getting to know each other a little better.

"Where are you from?" I asked her.

"Oh, you wouldn't know it," she replied, "a little town in Texas, Tulsita, just
north of Corpus Christi. Total population 15, the last time I counted. I
couldn't wait to get out of there. When I turned 16 I moved to Corpus and
started living on my own. And you?"

"My town was not much bigger than that, you never heard of it either. It's a
small town called New York, Manhattan to be exact. Total population 19
million."

Marisha burst into laughter and said "New York? Never heard of it."

"Yeah, my father works for the UN, he's a lawyer for one of the big shots over
there. My mother is a surgeon at the Presbyterian, we have a nice apartment on
the 36th floor of a skyscraper. I hated it there."

"What was it you hated so much? To me it looks like you had everything."

"yeah, like two parents who were never home. Sure she always said she loved me
and even that she was sad to see me go, but I don't know. I'm sure she loves me
but she never really showed me. Like one time I had a recital from school, I
was all excited until I saw that empty chair next to my father, she didn't even
change her on-call duty for my very first recital."

"I am so sorry to hear that," Marisha said as we walked over to look for a nice
spot to sit down. From the box in her hands the smells of the pizza entered my
nose and I really wanted a slice. "But want to hear a real sob story? What
about an alcoholic step-father who beats the shit out of his wife every single 
day? Or you if she wasn't close enough. One time he almost killed her, he beat 
her so hard she was in the hospital for weeks. He got arrested and went to
jail, still my mother wouldn't divorce him. 'He will change, he just needs to
get a job.' Hah, I've heard that story a million times before. So the moment I 
turned 16 I moved out, got myself a small apartment in Corpus and finished high
school. All on my own, I got myself out of there. You couldn't believe the
relief I felt when I got the news my step-dad was killed in jail, he had picked
a fight with someone he shouldn't have. It might sound harsh, but it's the
truth."

I took a slice from the box and thought 'That explains a lot'. "How's your
mother now?" I asked her.

"She still lives there, in the same trailer. But she has a job now and takes
care of herself. She's getting there, slowly. At least we're talking again."

"Two girls from totally different backgrounds sitting on a grassy knoll eating
a pizza," I said, "who would have thought college could bring us two together."

Marisha looked up and laughed "You can say that again."

"Two girls from totally --" A burst of laughter coming from Marisha made it
impossible for me to finish my sentence and I started giggling.

"I didn't mean that literally," she laughed. We couldn't have been more
different, my an only child from wealthy parents, her coming from the poorest
of the poor. But the fact she had worked herself out of there and made it all
the way to college made me respect her and once you were allowed beyond that
wall she had built around herself she was a very likable person, she just was
hurt a lot.

We talked a lot that evening and it was very late when we walked over to the
dorms. "Let's do this again some day," I said as I stood in front of my door.
Marisha nodded and said "Maybe tomorrow?"

"I would like that," I replied. As I closed the door behind me I felt like I
had made a friend that day and laying in my bed I went over all the events of
that day, how it all lead to me meeting Marisha. Somewhere deep inside me I
felt a kinship to her I had never felt with anyone, something primal, something
worth exploring and fighting for.

The next morning around 11 there was a knock on my door, it was Marisha. "Want
to go get a coffee?" she asked, "It's a beautiful day and I think we deserve a
day off today. We both need to relax for a moment."

"Let me get my purse," I replied and about twenty minutes later we sat down at
a small restaurant just outside campus. I had always heard about that place,
never got to go there and now I was sitting there. We sat at a table outside
and when the waitress came we ordered our latte's. Talking about small things
we enjoyed the afternoon sun and discovered we both loved looking at people.

"I always try to guess what they are thinking," I said.

"So do I!" Marisha replied, "like that girl over there. She's in a hurry it
seems. 'Oh my gosh, I'm late, I'm so late. What if they fire me?'" She had put
on a very girly voice which made me laugh. "Or him, 'Look at me, look at my
muscles. I've been to the gym. Not that I exercise but they have some good
steroids.'" This time she made her voice go as deep as it would go.

"You're so good at this," I laughed, "way better than I am." The waitress
brought our orders. "Could we also get a menu, please? I would love something
to eat." The waitress nodded and a few seconds later she handed us the menu.

I ordered a nice sandwich and when Marisha said she couldn't afford any of it I
said "Don't worry, it's on me. Just order anything you like."

"Oh no," she said, "I can't accept that. I don't want charity."

"It's not charity," I replied, "it's a friend paying for lunch. What else are
friends for?"

"Friends? We're not friends, we are acquaintances at best."

"Then it's one acquaintance buying lunch for the other one, in the hope they
might become friends one day." I replied.

"Again spoke like a true lawyer," Marisha chuckled, "Okay, we could call
ourselves friends, I guess. But next time lunch is on me, just not here."

"Deal," I replied, "now order something, please."

Marisha smiled and made her choice. About fifteen minutes later we were
enjoying our lunch and I ordered two more latte's. "One of the perks of having
your parents credit card," I said as I took a bite from my sandwich. Marisha
looked up with utter disbelieve on her face. "Oh don't worry," I replied, "It's
limited to my monthly allowance. I have to pay for everything with it, school,
books, clothes, just everything. It's almost like a scholarship, but this one
is provided for by my parents."

"Wow, I have to work my way through college," Marisha replied, "I work at the
grocery store down the street. It doesn't pay much, but it's enough to pay my
bills if I shuffle them around a little."

"Do you really? If you ever need anything, don't hesitate to ask. And no this
isn't charity or a handout, it's what friends do for each other. They help each
other out, no matter what. And I do want to help you in any way I can."

"I don't want your money," Marisha said, "I've been perfectly okay until now
and I can do this on my own, thank you very much."

"Who was talking about money?" I replied, "I was talking about mental support,
like a 'you can do this, girl." Pf, money! As if --"

Marisha burst into laughter again almost choking on the bite she just took and
I started laughing because of the face she made. "You never cease to amaze me,"
she said after a while, "Just as I think I've got you all figured out you make
a left turn and go somewhere totally unexpected."

"Thank you," I said with a smile, "I like that." And I knew I had just torn
down another wall around her. Slowly she started to accept me as a friend and
there was nothing more I wanted to be for her.

Half an hour later we were walking through the nearby park and sat down at one
of the benches. Marisha looked down at her feet and said "Laura? Can I be
serious for a moment?" I nodded and she continued "I've never met anyone like
you before. Someone who doesn't judge me, someone who just accepts me for who I
am. Or who I pretend to be, I should say. I just don't want to pretend with you
anymore, but I don't know if I trust you enough to tell you the truth."

I turned towards her and said "Okay, let's do a trust exercise. We both tell
each other the most embarrassing thing that happened to us, it has to be
something we both haven't told anyone before."

"You go first," Marisha said.

"Okay, let me think. Oh yes, there was this one time. I told you my dad works
at the UN right? Well, one day someone came over to meet with him. I was in my
room and didn't know he was there. So when my mom told me she had to leave to
go to the hospital I thought I was alone in the apartment. I was what, 12 years
old at the time? Maybe I was thirteen. Well, in any case. I wanted to take a
shower and walked out of my room to go to the bathroom. I froze when I saw him
sitting on the couch. There I was totally naked, standing in front of this
stranger on our couch. I don't know how long it took me to turn around and run
back to my room, but it seemed like ages. I was so scared of what my father
would say when he got home, but he never said a word. I don't know until this
day whether that man even told him."

Marisha said "Did that really happen? Really?"

"Oh yes," I said, "at that age I loved walking around the apartment naked. I
even stood in front of the window sometimes. Who could see me? We were 36
floors up in the sky and the nearest apartment on the same level were miles
away."

"Wow, and he never told you father?"

"Well if he had my father sure as hell didn't say a word about it."

"Wow."

"Yeah, there are more but I really think this was the most embarrassing to me.
Now you go."

"Oh gosh, where to begin. I think the most embarrassing was the one time my
step-dad took us swimming. I was so happy that day, just spending some quality
time with my mother was the best. He found the bar and started drinking right
away. At some point he called her and she went over to him, leaving me on my
own for a long time. I wondered around the resort, if you could call it that as
it was the cheapest of the cheap, but to me it was magical. I was 12 years old
at the time and as I was walking next to the pool some jerk pushed me into the
deep end. I had just learned how to swim and was in a total panic the moment I
hit the water. It took mere seconds for a life guard to jump in and pull me
out. As I stood there on the side of the pool crying a nice woman took me to
the side, covered me with a towel and handed me my bikini bottom. It had come
loose as I was struggling to keep above the water. I had stood there without
them for almost ten minutes for anyone to see."

"What die she do? Did she tell your mother?"

"No, I wouldn't allow her. I said I would be okay and when my mother asked what
had happened I just told her about being pushed and how they pulled me out of
the water. I never told her the rest, you're the first one I ever told this."

"Wow, thanks. And I am so sorry that happened to you." I replied.

"Ah, I'm over it." Marisha replied, "which almost directly correlates to what I
wanted to tell you. I think I'm gay." She stared at me waiting for a response.

"Yeah, what do you want me to say? That I'm sorry. So you're gay, who cares?"

"You're the first one I told that too," she said, "It's something I've been
struggling with for so long."

"I will not say I can imagine, because I can't. But there's something I need to
tell you too and I really don't know how you will respond. It's my deepest
darkest secret and you have to promise not to tell anyone."

"Okay, I promise."

"I'm straight," I said, "There you have it. I like boys."

Marisha burst into laughter once more and I said "Well, it's the truth. You
told me you are gay, so it's nothing more than fair to tell you I'm straight,
straight as an arrow. So straight the longest strait road seems like a curve."

Marisha laughed some more and then said "So you don't mind?"

"Why should I? So you like girls, who cares?"

"Where I come from? Everybody!"

"Well, welcome to a whole new world, my lesbian friend. A world where you can
be you and where there's at least one who accepts you for who you are: me!"

Marisha started to cry and said "Thank you, this has been so hard for me. I
never knew how people would respond to me being gay."

"Want to know how people will respond?" I asked her, "If you really want to
know, get on top of this bench and shout as loud as you can that you're gay, a
filthy lesbian. And than shout it's your coming out day and see how people will
react."

Before I knew it Marisha got up and shouted "THIS IS MY COMING OUT DAY. THE
WORLD MAY FINALLY KNOW I'M GAY! I LOVE GIRLS!" From a few benches over a girl
shouted back "Welcome to the community and congratulations on you coming out
day!" She got up and applauded, with her some more people stood up and
congratulated Marisha, who just stood there and cried.

Just as she sat down a woman approached her, sat down next to her and said "I
heard what you said, and I am so happy for you. Just know that there are a lot
of people who will accept you for who you are. You don't need to hide it any
longer. I just wanted to say, you deserve to be happy with someone and I think
you made an excellent choice here."

"Oh, I'm not her girlfriend. I'm just a friend, a close friend I might add. But
I'm not gay, I like boys too much." The woman laughed and said "Well, we all
have our flaws." and I laughed. The woman got up and said "Welcome to our
community, girl. Just be happy and again, congratulations. From now on you have
two birthdays, remember this date and celebrate it every year."

Marisha nodded and turned to me, she looked totally relieved as if a load had
been lifted from her shoulders. It was like she glowed a little more. "Wow,"
she said, "this feels so good. Thank you."

"For what?"

"For showing me what a real friend means. I never knew what I was missing until
now and I do want us to be friends. I think you are the sister I never had and
I like what we're having."

"I do too," I replied, "I do too. And congratulations, this is your coming out
day and we're going to celebrate by getting you something with a rainbow. Let
everybody know you're gay, come on." Just a few blocks down was a LGBTQ+ store
and we got her a nice rainbow bracelet. As we entered the store I said "This is
her coming out day, she just announced to the world she's gay. Do you have
anything to commemorate this date?"

"Congratulations!" the men behind the counter cheered, "This _is_ a special
day, we're so happy for you. Come on girl, look at this bracelet. We can
engrave it with the date for you and you know what? If you buy this we will
throw in the engraving for free and add this nice shirt as a gift." The shirt
was brightly pink and it said "Just for girls!" on the front.

Marisha smiled and I said "Do it! It's a gift from me for your coming out day."
That was the first time she hugged me. "Thank you," she whispered and gave me a
little kiss on my cheek. About twenty minutes later we walked out the store, a
proud Marisha walked just in front of me. In a matter of a few hours he had
changed from a closed off person to a more outgoing one and I liked what I saw.

That evening as I lay in bed I kept thinking about what had occurred that day
and especially about how happy it had made Marisha. Maybe it was time for me to
explore that feeling I had deep inside me, the one I had tucked away in the
deep recesses of my soul, the one that so once in a while roared it's ugly
head. That feeling that almost got me in so much trouble a couple of times, I
was so lucky I wasn't caught multiple times, so lucky I escaped that net. As I
thought about it I felt it creep up again, I felt it's pull which almost was
irresistible. I wanted to give in, I wanted to submit but I couldn't, I
shouldn't. I needed to fight it with everything I had.

I turned on the light and sat down at my computer, I needed a distraction from
my thoughts, but after a few minutes I was searching online for a safe place to
do what I needed to do. A quick search later and I was registering an account
on special site for people like me. I posted a short bio, a nice picture of
myself and what I was looking for. When I closed down the computer at least
part of the itch was scratched. I sat there for about ten minutes, before I
went back to that site to delete my account.

As soon as I logged in I saw there was a message waiting for me. "Probably an
automatic one welcoming me to the site," I thought. But no, it was an actual
response from someone.

> Hi, my name is RichyRich and I am available as a Sugar Daddy. My previous
> Sugar girl moved on and I am in the market for someone new. Your picture is
> exactly what I am looking for. If you're up for it we could meet up in a spot
> of your choosing, I can travel where ever you want me to go and who knows
> where this will end. Hope to hear from you.

My heart started beating faster, was I really going through with this? Was I
really going to fulfill one of my deepest, darkest fantasies? Ever since I
learned about the Sugar Daddy phenomenon I wanted to try it, to see if I would
actually do it. Registering an account was the farthest I had ever gone and now
I even had a genuine response. What was I supposed to do?

I clicked on the reply button and typed:

> Thank you so much for responding and I am flattered by your response, but I
> have to tell you this is my first time doing a thing like this and I am
> rather uncertain what to do. So please bare with me as I collect my thoughts
> and I will give you an answer as soon as I can.

Within a few seconds he replied:

> Sure, but please do not take to long. I might look for another Sugar baby, so
> please give me an answer before Saturday. I hope that will be enough time for
> you. So please let me know before then.

Before Saturday? That would give me three days to decide what to do. I
responded with:

> That should be more than enough time. I will give you an answer by Friday, I
> promise. But I really need to think what I want to do, this has been a
> fantasy of mine for a long, long time but I never went this far and I surely
> didn't expect a response this soon. It's all a bit overwhelming at the moment
> and I do not want to do something I will regret later. Thanks for your
> understanding, I will get back to you.

I closed the site once more and felt elated and very, very anxious at the same
time. On one hand I really wanted to see what this would lead to, on the other
hand I had heard so many stories about girls falling in the wrong hands. The
latter part was what attracted me so much, the risk of being molested, killed
or raped. It all sounded so exciting to me, the more I thought about it the
more aroused I got.

I looked at the alarm clock next to my bed, it was just after 2 AM. It was all
quiet in the dorms as most people were sleeping. I got up, opened the door and
peeked outside. The hallways were barely lit, just the emergency lights were
on giving the halls an eerie feeling. I closed the door, took a deep breath,
took of my night gown and stepped outside. To make sure my door was still open
I wedged one of my shoes between the jamb. I took a few steps, then some more
constantly checking if anybody was there to see me.

Finally, after a few tense moments, I arrived at the central living area. I
tapped the coffee machine and made my way back to my room. All this completely
naked. When I arrived at my room I didn't go inside, in stead I walked towards
the central staircase and with my heart throbbing in my throat I walked down
the stairs to the floor below. There I entered the hallway and walked straight
through it to the other side where I went up again.

With a sigh of relief I closed the door behind me and I started to giggle.
About ten minutes later I stepped outside once more, this time I sat down in
one of the chairs, spread my legs and started masturbating. After just a few
minutes I came hard and I even squirted a little. I grabbed a paper towel and
cleaned up as best I could before I ran back to my room. That itch was 
scratched, at least for now it was.

Back in my bed I thought about whether I should confess this side of me to
Marisha, she had opened up to me about her deepest darkest secret and maybe so
should I.

The next thing I know was waking up to a knock on my door. Immediately I
thought back to what I had done and I was sure it was someone from either the
school or the dormitory to berate me, or even worse expel me. My heart was
beating fast as I opened the door, I sighed when I saw it was Marisha.

"What's up?", she said, "It's like you saw a ghost."

"Come in," I said, "I need to talk to you. I need to before I chicken out."

Marisha sat down on my chair and said "What's up? What do you need to tell
me."

I took a deep breath and started "Now, yesterday you confided in me and I felt
all day like I was betraying you. I didn't do the same, I didn't confide in you
and I've been thinking about it all night. I hardly slept."

"Okay..."

"Here it goes. Ever heard about Sugar Babes?"

"No, not really, Sugar Daddies I know about, but Sugar Babes -- oh -- I guess I
answered my own question, you mean to say --"

"Yes, I have had this fantasy for a long, long time. Ever since I heard about
it a few years ago. I've watched videos of them and how happy they seemed
having a Sugar Daddy."

"But you don't need one, do you?"

"Technically no, but I don't want the money for something stupid like a car, or
to travel, heck I don't even have to pay for college. And I know I am one of
the lucky ones. No, I need the money for something else."

"For what then?"

"I want bigger boobs, I want a smaller nose, wider hips, bigger lips you name
it. Ever since I was a little girl I wanted to look like Barbie and now every
time I look in the mirror I see what's wrong with me, I don't see _me_. I see a
girl looking back at me, but that's not the girl I really am."

"Wow, you really mean that? You're so pretty."

"Everybody keeps saying that, but I don't see it. I feel like I'm ugly,
sometimes I feel so bad I want to end it all."

"What? No! No! Don't you ever thing that way, you hear?"

"That's why I need that money. My parents would never agree, they would never
pay for it all. By doing this I could earn enough money to pay for it myself."
I grabbed my phone and opened a folder of photos I had never shown anybody
before. "I want to be like them," I said and I handed Marisha my phone.

She browsed a few photos and whistled "Wow, those are some melons." I checked
which one she was looking at and said "Oh yes, that's Skylar, she went from
1800 to 2500 cc the other day, she's so beautiful isn't she?"

"And you really want to look like them?"

I nodded "More than anything in the world. I am willing to do anything to make
it a reality. I even registered an account last night and someone responded. He
wants to be my Sugar Daddy and needs an answer before Saturday."

"What did you say?"

"I said I would give him an answer by then? I checked his account and it was
all verified. He's some CFO at a big company and travels a lot. That's one of
the reasons I went for this site, not only the girls are vetted, the men too. I
expect a phone call from them at any moment."

"What will you do?"

"I don't know, I never went this far. I did think about registering a couple of
times, but never really did. Or when I did I deleted it as soon as it was
registered. I've never let it go this far."

"Just don't do anything you will regret later. That's all I'm going to say. I
want you to be safe and to be happy. If this is what it takes I will support
you, I do not agree with your decision if you go through with this, but I will
have your back no matter what you decide."

"Thanks," I said, "I feel so relieved now I've told someone. This feels so
good."

"Good, just one question though? Are there any Sugar Mamma's?"

I burst into laughter and said "Not that I heard of, but I didn't look. Why?"

"Well, at least I can't get pregnant if I were to do a thing like this."

We both laughed some more and we hugged. "Thank you for listening," I said,
"and I trust you to keep this between us."

"My lips are sealed, but please tell me whatever it is you decide to do. I want
to be there for you."

I couldn't stop thinking about it for the next couple of days and the deadline
rapidly came closer, what was I going to do? I had received that call and was
invited to do a Zoom meeting. "Just so we can verify you are really saying who
you are," the woman on the other side explained. Just a few hours later I sat
down anxiously at my computer waiting for that call to come in. When it did I
had a very nice meeting with one of the women who worked for the company and my
account was verified.

When she asked why I wanted to be a Sugar Babe I simply said "I think it's
exciting and as far as I know it isn't illegal either. He supports my studies
and I give him something in return. But for me it's not about the money, it's
about the thrill of meeting someone where ever for just one purpose: sex. Ever
since I heard about this I've fantasized about doing this and now I finally am
ready to take the next step."

That evening I logged back in and saw the verification icon next to my
screen name. I smiled when I saw it and clicked on the Direct Message option. I
clicked Send Message next to RichieRich's name and typed:

> I am okay to take the next step. Please meet me in the Mall of America,
> Bakersfield. I will be wearing a soft pink dress and a red flower in my hair.
> There's a coffee shop near the entrance. Please be there around 7 PM, I will
> only be staying there for an hour. If you don't show up at 8 I will be gone
> and assume you didn't want to pursue this further.
> Please respond if you're okay with this or not.

It took a few minutes for him to respond.

> Mall of America it is, I will be there at 7 and we can see where this goes.
> We can talk about the rest later. I will see you at the Mall this Saturday
> and I am so happy you decided to go through with this, you will not regret
> it. I promise.

The next morning I told Marisha on what I had decided and she insisted to be
there for me. "I will sit at another table, just so I can keep an eye on you.
We won't even enter at the same time, as far as anybody there is concerned we
don't even know each other." Reluctantly I agreed to her terms, mostly because 
she simply wouldn't let go.

For the rest of the day I was anxious about going forward with this. How far
would I allow it to go? I couldn't think about anything else but what was about
to happen and the Friday passed without me actually registering what had
happened, that night I could hardly sleep. The next morning I was even more
anxious than I had been the day before, the time went by so slowly until
Marisha took me to a beauty salon. "She's having a date tonight, do your
magic!" she told the girl who was helping me.

"Hi," she said, "I'm Ashley, nice to meet you. What would you like me to do?"

I told her what I wanted and she did her magic, the end result was simply
amazing and I thanked her from the bottom of my heart. But that wasn't all
Ashley said and she sat me down in another chair. "You're so lucky you know
Marisha, she's my niece you know? And we do all kinds of stuff for family,
don't we? So, this time this is on me. But you come back now, you hear? I can't
do this for free all the time, a girl needs to live you know?"

I couldn't quite tell if the Southern accent was deliberate or if she actually
spoke that way, either way it was getting a little annoying. Marisha was the
one who broke the mystery by saying "Ashley! Stop that stupid accent, you're
embarrassing me."

"Sorry, but I'm going to audition for this part. And I need to learn how to
speak with a Southern accent. Didn't mean to embarrass you. Jeez!", she turned
to me and said "I'm so sorry now sweetie, but my niece over here doesn't seem
to appreciate a Southern accent. Ever she moved up north? God all mighty, she
has changed."

I chuckled and said "Well, I do hope you get that part. But you really need to
listen to the Southern slang, because what you're doing ain't it."

"Wow," Ashley said, "critics everywhere."

I almost forgot why I was there but the moment Ashley was done with my makeup I
remembered and it hit me like a ton of bricks. Was I actually going to do this?
I looked at myself in the mirror and it was just beautiful, Ashley was a master
in her craft and I looked amazing.

"Thank you so much," I said, "this is just --"

"Thank me be having a great date," she replied, "I wish I had one."

We left and there were just two more hours before it would all go down. I put
on my soft-pink dress, a nice pair of shoes and Marisha handed me a big red
flower for my hair. It wasn't the rose I had promised, but it was all we could
get on short notice. 

Half an hour before the meet Marisha drove to the mall to take her place on the
outdoor seating area. I followed about five minutes later in my own car. Before
I got out I had a few minutes to spare, ample of time to text Marisha the
_abort_ message, but I didn't. I wanted to now whether I would follow through,
I needed to know how far I was willing to go. I got out of my car and with my
heart throbbing in my throat I sat down on the outside of the seating area,
just so I could see anyone who walked on. From the corner of my eyes I could
see Marisha sitting at a table with her favorite latte. I did my very best to
ignore her, as she said we didn't know each other.

After about five minutes a deep voice said "Misty?" My heart stopped when I
heard my screen name, I looked up and next to me stood a very handsome African
American male. I smiled and said "Richie?" I didn't want to use his full name
just as he didn't use mine. He nodded and I invited him to sit down. He took
the chair right next to me.

"So nice to finally meet you," he said.

"Likewise," I replied.

We talked for a while as we enjoyed our drinks, he had a wonderful sense of
humor and I was quite mesmerized by his appearance. I couldn't believe he
wasn't taken yet, or maybe he was? There was no way for me to ever know as that
was part of the deal, no relevant personal information is shared, ever.

"Now," he said, "let's talk some business. That's what we're here for, aren't
we. Let's just say this. If we both agree to go through with our deal _and_ the
results are satisfactory to both parties I can guarantee the profits will be
more than enough for you. I know what I'm getting out of it, what about you?"

I understood why he was talking a little vague, I didn't have a problem
following him but I'm sure people who would overhear us would think we were
talking about some business deal, which we were in a way.

"Sure," I replied, "And I do agree, but just for my curiosity, and I know
you've made estimations, in what range would those profits be?"

He chuckled and said "You want to hear numbers?" I nodded and he continued
"Well, with the last venture I had the other party was pleased with a more
than decent hourly wage, let's just say it started at around 200 an hour. But
as we prolong our deal, that wage might go up."

I whistled when I heard the amount he was offering and I said "That's
reasonable, but it would mean I'm giving up the ownership of what I'm offering
and I'm not willing to do that. Is there any room to maneuver?"

He laughed and said "You sound like a lawyer, but yes there is some room. But
let's talk about it in a more _private_ setting. I've got a hotel room nearby,
we might be more _comfortable_ there."

"Sure," I replied, "just one thing I have to do. For my own safety I have to
tell a friend where I am, so where are we going so I can text it to her."

"Wise! Never can be to careful, but I do hope she isn't here. That's not
exactly according to the rules." he whispered.

I leaned forward and said "No, she isn't here."

"Good," he replied, "Wilkshire Hotel, room 112."

I texted the info to Marisha and hoped she had turned the sound of on her
phone. I was a little relieved when I didn't notice her phone going off, it
might also have been that there was just too much noise.

"Shall we?" he suggested.

I got up and took his arm. We got into his car, clearly a rental, and just
about fifteen minutes later we walked into the hotel. We stepped into the
elevator and as soon as the doors were closed I said "Let me give you a
sample." I pressed my body against his and kissed him with my mouth open, my
tongue touching his.

"Wow," he gasped afterwards, "that was a good sample."

We sat down in his room and I said "So let's talk some business. First, it's of
no concern to you why I need this money, okay? Second, I want 500 an hour and
for that I will be available to you whenever you want me to. As long as it fits
my schedule, that is."

"500 an hour? If I agree then there are just two things that will stand between
us meeting up. The first is school, the second is a job. Well there might be
actually 4, you could be sick or there might be some family matters. But, if
you are just with friends, for let's say a party, you _will_ come when I call
you. If you are spending Christmas with your family, you _will_ come to me. Do
we have an agreement?"

"For a thousand an hour I will drop everything, no questions asked. So if you
_really_ need me, just offer me that kind of money when you call me."

We were quiet for a moment, he got up took me in his arms and whispered "Deal!"
We kissed and slowly he undressed me, he sucked on my breasts, then lifted me
up and laid me on the bed where he spread my legs and liked my clit. His tongue
made me come multiple times. Then he dropped his pants and said "A thousand an
hour it is." as he pushed his cock deep inside my pussy. I had never had a
black man's cock before and his was huge!

I spread my legs as wide as I could and panted "For 2000 you can come inside
me. Whenever and how often you want to, for 2000 an hour this pussy belongs to
you." I put my arms around him and we kissed as his cock slid in and out of me,
it didn't take him long to moan "2000 it is!" and he exploded deep inside me.
Feeling him throb and twitch, knowing he was sending his seed up my fertile
womb made me come again. I had never come this hard before in my life.

We spent almost 4 hours together and we had sex all over his room. The best one
was on the balcony where he bent me over the railing, my boobs dangling
outside, his big black cock deep inside my pussy. It was there he took my anal
virginity, without warning he pushed it inside my ass. The pain was
excruciating but soon was followed my immeasurable pleasure. "Oh yes," I
panted, "fuck my ass. I want your cum deep inside my ass."

After the balcony scene, I rode him three times more. Each time his big cock
went up my ass and each time he unloaded his cum inside me. When we both were
too tired we took a shower, had sex one more time in there and I got dressed.
I texted Marisha to pick me up and told him I had ordered an Uber. He smiled at
me from the bed and said "Good, I'm to tired."

I didn't have to wait long for Marisha to drive up, I got in and she wanted to
know everything. I showed her the 8000 dollars and said "He's the best. I never
had such great sex in my life! Man, he is so big I came instantly when he
entered me. We even did it on the balcony! The best part of it all was when he
just took my ass, without warning he pushed it up my ass! It hurt like hell at
first, but then it started to feel so good, Marisha! I think I love anal, who
would have thought!"

Marisha was so happy for me and said "So what are you going to do with the
money?"

"I think I will seek a plastic surgeon and get my boobs done." 
