# LAURA
a erotic tale by Transgirl

## Preface
_This story is purely fictional. Any resemblance with any person, living or
dead, is purely coincidental. This story takes place in a fictional country, a
mix between the US and Europe. Nothing in this story is based upon reality._

## Chapter One
It's not that I've been always like this, quite the contrary I'm quite
introverted in private. It wasn't easy for me to become who I am today and
never would have thought this would be my life.

It all started for me when I went to college. After growing up in a small town
like White Rock it was quite the change moving to a metropolis like Fort Dix.
On top of that I had to move into a dorm where there were almost four times as
many people as in my high school all together.

The first day was already very impressive. I marveled at the old buildings
around the central square with the large, old tree in the middle that I had
seen on pictures for so long. I couldn't believe I was actually walking there,
not as a visitor but as a student. It hadn't been easy even thought they
admitted almost 2,000 students each year, there had been almost 120,000
applications. I had been one of the lucky ones who made it in and I was
determined to make the best of it.

I still remember how proud my parents were when they dropped me off at college
that day. As is tradition I registered outside the gates and was welcomed by
the older students as I passed underneath them. A symbolic step from being a
teenager to adulthood, making that step brought tears to my eyes. I had fought
so hard, studied so hard to get here. One girl who was standing there saw how
emotional I got and put her arms around me to comfort me. "Don't cry," she
said, "You made it. You're here."

"Happy tears," I said, "these are happy tears."

A few minutes later I walked into the room I was assigned to. My room mate
hadn't arrived yet so I waited choosing a bed until she arrived. It was a
rather small room, just enough room for two beds, two closets and two small
desks where you could study. This wouldn't be the biggest problem as most
students studied in the library anyways. The room was basically just to have a
place to sleep.

When my room mate walked in we talked for a while and we each chose a bed. We
had talked on the phone before, meeting her for real still felt strange. It was
never easy for me to make new friends and now I had no choice I had to share
this room with her. Where I was shy and introverted, she was open and didn't
seem to care what people thought of her.

Finally the gates opened for family and friends, the central square filled with
people and it took me quite some time to find them. Saying goodbye was the
hardest thing I had to do in my life until then. Suddenly the reality of being
on my own hit me, the fact that I couldn't just go home and ask my parents for
advise. Sure I could call them, but that just isn't the same.

I hugged my mother just a little longer and harder than I used to do, the same
with my father. I started to cry when he whispered how proud he was off me. He
wasn't the man who expressed his feelings easily and for him to say that was
quite the thing. A loud bell indicated the start of phase two of the ceremony.
All the first year students had to gather on one side of the square. We all got
handed the ceremonial robes we were expected to wear on special occasions.

A voice sounded over the speakers. "Ladies and Gentlemen, please welcome the
new students to our college. These are the students who will become the leaders
of the new generation. As they stand here as mere teenagers, they will grow
into the responsible adults during the time they are here. We thank you all for
guiding them to this point. Please new year students, give them all the
applause they deserve."

All the new year students started to clap and cheer. A _thank you_ welled up in
our group and got louder and louder. Even I joined in. "Thank you," the speaker
repeated us, "Now friends and family of our new students. It's time for the
robes. It's time for the teenagers to become our students. New year students,
please put on your robes." We all did as we were instructed to do, it felt like
another crossing a threshold for me.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, family and friends. It's time for the teenagers to start
their journey. Please cheer for them as our new students walk into the main
hall for the first time. Wave to them, blow the kisses, just support them all
as they cross over from childhood to adulthood."

The crows started to cheer, I did my best to see my parents before I followed
my fellow students into the main hall. I got a glimpse of my mother, she was
crying and held up her thumb and she clapped. With tears in my eyes I stepped
over the large wooden beam in the ground. Another symbol of me growing up.

I sat down next to my new room mate and was surprised to see her being quite
emotional too. She slightly smiled and for the first time I thought I might
even like her. We listened to some speeches and what was to come during this
first week. All in all it took over three hours of us sitting there.

By the time we went outside all the visitors were gone, the gates were closed
and my life as a student of Kingston College had officially started. Together
with Marisha I walked back to our room. Once there we both sat down and were
quiet for a moment, letting the reality of it all sink in.

"I am a bit apprehensive of what is to come," I said after a while, "How are
you doing?"

"I'm okay," Marisha replied, "Didn't expect it to hit me this hard. But let's
make the best of it, what do you think? Time to get something to eat?"

"That's the best idea I've heard today," I replied.

The first week consisted of getting our books, getting our bearings on campus
and above all getting to know our fellow students. For me it was getting to
know Marisha above all, despite showing the happy-go-lucky-girl to the outside
I learned how insecure she really was. The more time we spend together the more
I started to like her and I hoped she felt the same.

Before I realized the real student life started, going to classes, doing
assignments in the library and spending the few free time we had in one of the
on-campus coffee bars or diners. In all off them, even in the on-campus
groceries store, you could pay with your student card, which also had some
perks outside off campus.

Marisha, who studied theater management as a major, had an assignment for her
photography class. She had asked me to help her and be her model. "Me?" I asked
surprised, "Why me? I'm not a model." Marisha wouldn't hear of any protests and
insisted, so we got up early on a Sunday morning to take some photos in the
park just outside of campus.

The first thing I did was look out the window to see it was a beautiful
morning. When I got back from the showers Marisha had laid out a dress she
wanted me to wear. "Wow. That's quite tight," I said when I saw it laying on my
bed.

"It will look so good on you," she replied. I looked at myself in the mirror
glued to my locker after I had put it on. Normally I would wear loose clothes
to hide my figure as I never was pleased with what I saw when I looked in the
mirror, I felt the same this time and really didn't want to go outside wearing
this dress.

"Don't be stupid," Marisha exclaimed, "you look so good in it. I really don't
understand why you hide that figure, I would give so much to have a figure like
that." I blushed a little, but still didn't feel comfortable in it. Luckily
enough it was still quite early so there wouldn't be a lot of people outside to
see me like this.

Marisha asked me to sit down and did my hair, my makeup and handed me one of
her sunglasses. "Just put in these earrings," she said as she handed my quite
the large ones. I never wore earrings that size, I just had those little stubs
in my ears. When I looked into the mirror again I was quite pleased with what I
saw, if only I could wear a different dress.

The first time I stepped outside our room I was very apprehensive and took a
breath of relieve when I noticed the halls were still empty. Another hurdle was
going outside, Marisha encouraged me when she noticed me having a difficult
time with it. With her help I stepped into the early morning sun. It was quite
warm already, something I wasn't used to coming from the northern parts of the
country.

When a couple of girls came walking up to us and didn't really give us any
attention it felt good, it boosted my confidence they weren't disgusted by what
they saw. We made it to the gate and turned left to walk to the park. The
longer we walked, the more people we passed, the more confident I got. It even
started to feel good wearing that dress.

In the park we found some nice spots for taking photos and Marisha instructed
me how to hold my sunglasses to how to pose. "Come," she said, "show me that
smile. Yes, like that. Now just look in the distance like your trying to
determine what you see. Yes, like that. So good. Now turn your face to the
camera and smile. Yes. Yes. Nice." I could hear the shutter sound coming from
her camera with every shot she took. The more I posed for her the more fun I
had with it. Not that I liked being in front of the camera, but Marisha managed
to make it fun for me.

Marisha got up and walked up to me staring at the little screen on the back of
her camera. "You don't know how good you look in these," she murmured, "I
really think you should think about modeling. These are simply the best
portraits I ever took."

"You're kidding me," I replied, "You have to be joking. Me? Modeling? No way! I
am way to shy to do such a thing. I could never."

"Some of the top models are sky," Marisha said, "Take Laurentia for example.
She's a top model and she's very shy in real life. Even in interviews she
shows it." That was true, Laurentia always said how shy she was and how
difficult it was for her to step onto that stage every single time.

Even though I asked many times Marisha refused to show me the photos she took.
"Not until they are ready," she said, "They still need some work." We spend
almost three hours that morning, in those hours I got used hearing that shutter
sound coming from her camera. She kept taking photos even when I was feeding
the ducks in the central pond. Hearing all of them quacking made me happy and
think back to the farm of my grandparents. The place where I always had felt
the most happy.

When we got back to our room Marisha sat down at her laptop to work on the
photos and I called my parents as I did every Sunday. Hearing my mothers voice
made me a little homesick especially when she told me how much she missed me at
home. I was an only child and knew how hard it was on her not having her baby
home anymore. "But," she said to lighten the mood, "Your father and I are going
on our second honeymoon next month."

"What?" I said in utter surprise, "Where are you going?"

"Barbados," she said, "We wanted to go there for our honeymoon but just
couldn't afford it. Now, don't get me wrong, Fort Dix was nice and well, let's
me honest, you were conceived during that trip. So it wasn't all bad."

"Mom!" I shouted as I didn't want to hear anything about that topic but I also
chuckled when she said it. I talked with my dad for a while after and hung up
feeling rather good about myself. Talking to them always did that for me.

"Come," Marisha said, "Now they need some more work, but what do you think?"

With my heart beating a little faster I fully expected me to respond like I
always did seeing photos of me. This time it was different, I don't know if it
was the lighting, the overall composure of the photo but these were just
beautiful. "What did you do?" I asked her, "these are just -- so nice."

"Aren't they?" Marisha said with a big smile, "I just adjusted the hue, and the
overall brightness, contrast and some other things. See how your eyes just pop
now? That's what I meant. You really should try to model, I really think you
could earn some money with it. I would be happy to help you with that."

I just looked at her as if she was crazy, I couldn't do a thing like that. Not
me. I had never even thought about becoming a model. Still I did have a good
time with her taking those photos. Marisha showed me a few more and when she
showed me the one where I was leaning against the old wall surrounding our
school I said "Wow, I like that one a lot. Could I send that one to my parents?
I am sure they will love it. I've never looked that nice in a photo in my
life."

Marisha chuckled "Sure. It needs a little more work, but yes. Just give me the
address and I can send it to them."

"No, no," I responded, "I want to print it on one of those canvasses, you know?
Then send it to them. They're anniversary will be soon. They are going to
Barbados for their second honeymoon, they just told me."

"Wow. Are they? Nice. That almost makes me wish my parents were still together.
They got divorced when I was nine. It turned out to be okay though. I really
like my step-mom and I am so happy they never wanted me to lose contact with my
mom."

"What happened? If you don't want to tell, it's okay too." I responded.

"Oh, my mom got addicted to pain killers. Then one day she didn't come home. My
father found her in one of those drug houses. That's when we found out she had
been fired and was working the streets for almost a year. All that time we
thought it was the prescription drugs, but she had been shooting heroine for a
really long time by then. To pay for it she worked the streets, you know?"

I could see the pain on her face as she remembered those times. Then she
continued "But we all intervened, helped her get clean and now she has a stable
job, a new boyfriend who supports her. It took her a long time though. Many
returns to the streets, especially when she started using meth. We just kept
helping, didn't turn away, no matter how hard it got sometimes. Now she says it
was that support that made her want to come clean and change her life around.
She even moved to another city just to get away from it all. I am so proud of
how far she's come, she hit rock bottom but made it through. She's a counselor
now. She went back to school, became a therapist and helps other addicts now."

I could see how proud she was of her mom now, her eyes twinkled when she told
me about her mom going back to school. Despite everything Marisha still loved
her mother, something I really admired in her. I could see her caring side, her
ability to love unconditionally. I couldn't imagine how I would have acted if
it had been my mother who had been in that situation.

Marisha turned to me and said "You know what I like the most about my step-mom.
She didn't even want me to call her mom." Tears welled up in her eyes. "If it
hadn't been for me insisting I would still call her Becky. It was on her
birthday, I just turned 16, when I asked her officially if she wanted to adopt
me. She was so happy when she read the papers, they were already signed by me,
my father and a judge. All she had to do was sign. She couldn't get to a pen
quick enough." Marisha chuckled when she remembered that day. "I love both my
moms. I really do."

I couldn't resist to hug her. It was that moment of her being open and honest
with me that I knew I liked her, a lot. "But wait," I said, "pleas don't get
angry because I truly don't understand this part. You already had a mother,
didn't you?"

Marisha chuckled "A birth mother, yes. But during the divorce she lost her
parental rights to me. She was in jail at the time for -- well let's just call
it what it is -- for prostitution. In our state you loose your parental rights
when you are convicted. So officially I didn't have a mother from the age of 6.
The day I turned 16 I could initiate adoption, until then only an adult could
start the process."

"Ah, thanks. That's different from where I come from. In my state you have to
be 21, adult adoption they call it. Or at least I think that's what they call
it."

"Well, it's all in the past now. My birth mom is doing great and my mom
couldn't be prouder off me. If it hadn't been for her I don't think me and my
brother would have been where we are today."

"Your brother? You never told me you had a brother."

"Oh yes, Travis, he's my twin. We couldn't be more different. I am into arts
and stuff, he loves playing football. I still can't believe we shared a womb,
but I'm proud of him. Never tell him that though, him being born first is bad
enough already." Marisha chuckled.

"Well, I would love to meet him one day," I replied, "If he's 10 percent of
what you are, he should be very nice." Marisha blushed, said thanks and I was
so happy that we had bonded like we had in the past few months. Marisha had let
me in and shown me who she really was, without that mask she showed the world.

Weeks turned into months and I had to study hard for mid-terms. Passing those
would mean I got to go home for two weeks, spending the holidays with my
parents. If I failed I couldn't go as I would have to study for the second
round of tests. I was determined not to let it get that far. When the results
were posted I was very nervous and shaking all over. I had passed, barely, but
passed nonetheless. When I told my parents they were so happy for me.

Spending that time back home was nice and it was good to see my parents again,
but it also became clear I had grown a lot. I wasn't used to live home anymore,
I had developed my own set of rules and it took some adjusting to theirs. Even
my father said I had gotten more independent. The moment I walked into the
living room I saw the photo Marisha had taken off me hanging above the fire
place. They had replace the old one with it. "It's such a nice picture," my mom
said as she stood next to me, "Marisha is quite the photographer."

My parents showed me the photos they had taken on their trip to Barbados, we
watched the video all together. It was so nice to see them that happy being
there. "That's Manuel," my mother said, "He is the janitor of the resort we
stayed at. Such a lovely boy and can you believe he's still single?"

"Mom!" I chuckled, "I'm not going to Barbados to get a boy."

"Oh," she said veining surprise, "then we can remove one present from under the
tree, I guess." I bumped her shoulder with mine and chuckled. My mother and me
had always been more than just mother and daughter, we were friends too. The
bond with my father was different, not that we didn't love each other because
we do, it was just different. My father was rather closed, didn't show his
emotions very easily. To us he was an open book, we could see it, to others he
seemed emotionless. They just didn't get to see the caring, loving man he
really was.

"It took me quite some time to break through," my mother once told me, "The
first time we met I thought he was cold, emotionless. But when I had the
accident, it was him who came to see me in the hospital. He was the one who
came every single day. That's when I fell in love with him, he showed me how
much he cared. He didn't just say it, he showed it to me." My mother had been
in a very heavy car accident when she was 17, she barely made it out alive. For
a long time the doctors even wondered if she would ever walk again, but she
did. You could still see it a little, that didn't stop her from running a
marathon when she was 19. I was so proud of her when she told me that story.
She barely made if over the finish in time. I could see how much the medal she
got that day meant to her, it wasn't just a marathon to her. To her it was a
victory over the accident, proof that with hard work you could do anything you
wanted to do.

Now she was a lawyer and a good one at that. She had been the first in our
family to go to college and get a degree. All of that while she had a little
baby to care for. And my father? My father supported her all the way, he
started working in the factory to put her through college. He never complained,
he never thought about doing it differently. He quickly got promoted and
promoted again. Now he was on the leadership team of the company, that without
going to college. It all just came naturally to him.

Being home had been good for me, still I was happy to go back to college, to my
own life again. Hearing from my parents how much I had grown helped me a lot
with my self esteem, especially when I told my parents that Marisha had
suggested for me to become a model. "Why not?" my mother said, "You are so
beautiful. Look at that photo, you just pop. I think you should at least try
it. If you still don't like it you can always do something else. At least you
tried. Just don't do it if you will not commit to it."

Those words kept ringing in my ears. I knew my mother was biased, all mothers
said their daughter were beautiful, didn't they? It was more the way she said
it that hit it home for me, so when I walked into our room I asked Marisha if
she would help me build a portfolio. On the plain I had looked at several sites
of agencies and all of them asked for a book of photos. Some even had special
demands on what kind of photos.

Marisha lit up when I asked her. "This is the best Christmas present ever." she
shouted, "Yes, of course I will help you. Let's do some research into what they
are looking for. Just one question though. Can I use it for my class? Please?"

I smiled and nodded "That way we both get something out of it, or at least I
hope I do."

I couldn't remember I had ever been this nervous as at the moment the woman of
the agency was browsing through the portfolio Marisha and I had been working on
for weeks. She didn't show any reaction when looking at the photos in there,
she just looked at them, studied them and went to the next. After a very
tense ten minutes she looked up and said "Who took these?"

"My best friend," I replied, "she studies theater management at Kingston."

"Wow, she's good. Really good. These are some great photos. The lighting is
just great, composition is almost perfect. Yes, we might contact her to see if
she would like to work for us some day. She sure has potential."

I felt a little deflated, I was happy for Marisha but I was there for a reason
and it wasn't to show them how good Marisha was. The woman opened the book
again, turned some pages and showed it to me. "Look at this one for example.
The lines going from your arm, into tour shoulder should end up in your face,
but it doesn't quite do it. That's a shame, but nothing she couldn't learn. All
she has to do is crop it a little more the right. Do you think she would like
to spend a day with our photographer?"

"Oh yes," I replied, "I am sure she would love it."

"That's great," the woman smiled for the first time. "Because it will mean a
lot to you too." I didn't have a clue what she meant by that. "We have this
client who is looking for something special," she said, "they are looking for
_the girl next door_, someone people don't know. And you are perfect for it.
When she comes to spend the day with our photographer it will be shoot where
you are the model. I would love to sign you. You are amazing in these. It's
been a long time since I saw somebody who just had it, that spark, that
presence in a photo. Not since we signed Laurentia. Look where she is now, it
all started here, in our studios."

I was dumbfounded by her words. Did I hear her correctly? Did she really say
she wanted to sign me? I just couldn't believe it. "Um -- Did you -- I don't
know what to say," I stumbled.

The woman laughed "I love teasing new clients that way. Diverting a little,
then go in for the blow. Yes, yes I did say it. We would love to sign you." She
opened a drawer and got out a contract. She filled in some blanks and handed it
to me. "All you have to do is sign at the crosses." she said.

"How long do I have?" I asked her, "I would love to have my mom take a look at
this. She's a lawyer and always told me not to sign immediately."

"Wise words," the woman smiled, "Let me scan it for you so we can mail it to
her." Two minutes later the mail was sent and I called my mom to ask her if she
could take a look at it. At first she screamed when she heard where I was, then
she got serious. "Put me on speaker please," she said. I did and she continued
"Hello, I'm Mrs. Davis, Laura's mother and attorney at law at Bannister and
Madison." When the woman heard that name she seemed quite impressed.

"As I am going over this contract and read article 9, subsection 3, lid b. What
is meant by 'arbitrary release'?" The woman answered all my mothers questions
and in the end my mother said "Well, I don't see why you shouldn't sign it
Laura. I don't see any problems with it. It was nice to speak with you Miss --"

"Oh. Miss Davenport, Amy Davenport. And thank you Mrs Davis, we will take good
care of your daughter."

"You better," my mother said cheekily, "I will sue if you don't and I haven't
lost in court yet." My mother had lost once of twice, but it was something she
always said and I couldn't resist a chuckle. It was always nice to see, or
hear, her work. Amy chuckled too and said "Well, let's make it official then."

Half an hour later I walked into our room trying my best to look as sad as I
did the other times I came back from a meeting with an agent. "What happened?"
Marisha said, "What did they say?"

"Well," I said still trying to look disappointed. "At least one of us is going
to be happy. They want you to meet with their photographer soon. They said your
photos were almost perfect. 'She has real potential' they said."

I could see Marisha was delighted to hear that, but she also held it back as
she felt sorry for me not getting what I had hoped for. "When?" she said with
suppressed enthusiasm.

"In three weeks," I said, "You can spend the day at one of their shoots. They
are going to shoot some new girl they just signed. They hadn't seen something
like her since they signed Laurentia, they said."

"Who?"

"ME! THEY SIGNED ME! I'm the new girl!"

"WHAT?!"

"Yes, they signed me. I just could resist this." I started laughing.

"I can't believe it! They did?" I showed her the contract and Marisha jumped
into the air. "YES! YES! I knew it! Didn't I tell you? Oh, it's going to be
such a fun day."

I had hardly slept the night before the shoot but it felt nice to have Marisha
come with me that day. We got in her car because I was just too nervous to
drive. My mouth fell open when we arrived at the location where we would work
that day, a beautiful house in the richest neighborhood of Fort Dix. They had
rented the property from some celebrity and it was just magical. I couldn't
believe I was actually there.

As soon as Amy saw us she came rushing up to us, told me to go to makeup and
get ready while she introduced Marisha to Dillon, the photographer for the day.
Debbie greeted me and asked me to sit down so she could do my hair, while Luna
did my makeup. They totally transformed me into this diva and I had a good time
with them. They made me feel comfortable and told me to just be me.

Another girl, Patricia, helped me get dressed in a beautiful gown. "Just be
careful," she said, "it's a loaner and quite expensive." She handed me a pair
of heels and completed the look with some of the best jewelry I had ever seen.
"They look expensive," she said, "But I made them, it's all fake."

"They are just beautiful," I told her making her blush a little.

When I stepped out of the dressing area Marisha was stunned by how I looked.
Dillon immediately took the reigns and told me where and how to stand, how to
hold my face, where to place my hands as he kept on taking pictures. He made me
laugh quite some times and made it hard to look serious when he wanted me to.

I had to change multiple times and looked totally different with ever series of
photos he took. Then I was confronted with something I hadn't been prepared
for, the last thing they wanted me to do was a bikini shoot. When they handed
me the set I was amazed by how small they were. "Don't worry," Patricia said,
"I will make sure they don't slip. We will just use glue to keep everything in
place. You could even go in the pool and still they will not slip."

Minutes later I stepped outside wearing a thick robe even though it was way to
warm for one. Again Dillon to the reigns and told me to sit down on one of the
lawn chairs, my heart started to beat so fast as they were adjusting the lights
and mirrors to reflect the sun back onto me. Then the moment of truth arrived,
I had to take off my robes.

Shaking all over I did so and handed the robes to one of the assistants. Dillon
started shooting and telling me how to sit. "Now just place your left hand on
your hip, elbow a little backwards, yes like that. Make those boobies pop, arc
your back a little more, like that yes, yes. Show what you got girl, this is
beautiful." As he gave me the instructions I forgot about all the people
staring at me, it was just me and the camera. I couldn't believe how much fun I
had posing like this, all the compliments he gave made me feel good and the
embarrassment I had felt simply melted away.

When he was done, the assistant handed me my robes and it was only then when I
realized how many people had been watching me pose. I felt my face turning red
until Amy came up to me and said "This was just unbelievable. You were so good.
Let's just hope the client will be as pleased as we are."

Despite that shoot not working out they still paid me a decent salary for the
day and I could add some of them to my portfolio, including one or two of the
bikini shoot. I had some small shoots after for smaller advertisements and felt
quite good about it. Having that income made it a little easier on my parents
paying for college. I could now pay for everything besides tuition and college
fees.

Then it just blew up a big publisher wanted me for one of their fashion
magazines. As always I asked Marisha to come with me and this time it was a
serious shoot with one of the biggest photographers in the world. Again I was
rushed into makeup when we arrived. We took multiple series of photos, some
with a male model, some without. I had gotten used to having the arms of a man
I had just met around me and pretend to be in love.

When the magazine was published I couldn't wait to see which once they had used
and there I was on pages 33 to 36. All photos of me wearing the latest fashion.
Seeing my name underneath one of them was another victory for me. My mother
bought 23 copies and sent them to all the family and friends who wanted to have
it. She was so proud of me and told me how good I looked in the photos.

I was even more stunned when I saw the balance of my bank account. They had
paid me over 10,000 dollars for the shoot and according to the contract it
could get even more depending on how many magazines they sold. Amy had proven
to be a very good agent for me and she was so proud of me too.

After another couple of fashion shoots one of the magazines for men asked for
me. Amy asked me if I had an issue working on the yearly bikini issue of the
magazine. Although I felt a little reserved, the amount of money they offered
made more than up for it.

In the mean time I still had to study and do my work for school. It was hard
combining those two worlds, but somehow I managed. I passed the first year and
was able to fund the next year myself. Modeling had not only made me
financially independent, I had grown more as a person too. I had gotten more
responsible, able to say no to most of the invitations to parties I got. I
always said school came first and multiple times they let me study on the
shoots I went to.

Halfway through the second year the orders dried up a little, the industry had
moved on the next new girl. It became a little harder to get the good clients,
not that I had anything to complain about. It was just the shoots were more
spread out, something I was rather pleased with as I really could use the time
to concentrate on school. All in all it was me modeling that put me through
college and I appeared on some of the biggest magazines in the country.

I eventually graduated college together with Marisha, we had become more than
friends in the mean time, we had become sisters. So we decided to move in
together, both paying half of the rent just as Marisha had insisted. She
started working for a company as a photographer and I still did the odd
modeling jobs even though they had become somewhat less. Mostly they were for
mail order catalogs, they still paid the bills though. For the rest I started
working for the agency that made it all possible for me. As one who went
through it all I guided new girls through the process of becoming a model. I
loved helping them stay grounded, to not get lost in that world of glitter and
glamour. As it was so easy to loose yourself in it.

I had made my peace with not being a hot commodity anymore, even though I still
modeled from time to time I slowly got less and less. And I was okay with it,
it had been so much fun while it lasted.

## Chapter Two
Amy stormed into my small office. "They are looking for you," she almost
shouted out of breath. "They want you," she repeated herself. It had been
almost a year since my last shoot and I really thought it would never happen
again.

"Who is?" I asked her.

"Our new client," she panted, "they are in my office and want to talk to you."

With my heart beating faster I went to meet the two men in Amy's office. They
were your typical business man, but one of them I recognized. It was Travis,
Marisha's brother. The moment I saw him I shock went through my body. I had met
him once or twice before, but he looked so handsome this time wearing that pale
blue suit.

"Hello Travis," I said with a frog in my throat.

"You know each other?" Amy asked.

"Yes, he's the twin of my best friend." I replied.

"The _older_ brother," Travis filled in with a laugh.

"By just three minutes," I added which made Travis laugh even more.

"Still older though," He chuckled.

"So what did you want to see me for?" I asked to change the subject.

"Ah yes," the other man said, "Let me introduce myself. I'm Carlo Chiapelli and
Travis here told me he knew someone who worked here who would be perfect for
our next campaign and I must say he wasn't wrong."

"Next campaign?"

"Oh yes," Carlo said, "we're in the home improvement market, we sell furniture.
We just developed a new line of beds and bedroom furniture. We are looking for
someone who wants to appear in the photos, maybe even one that will go on the
billboards to sell our new mattress."

"Okay," I replied, "What has that to do with me?"

"Well, we want someone a little older. Someone who isn't college age so to say,
someone a little more mature." Carlo said. Quickly followed by "Not that I'm
saying you're old."

I chuckled and said "Thank you. But I wasn't offended. I do not model anymore.
I am quite happy doing what I am doing now. Maybe you should take a look into
our database."

"We did," Carlo said, "And you were the one that popped out. It still says
_active_ here, doesn't it?"

I looked at Amy who replied "Sorry, I just forgot to change it."

I knew she was lying but I forgave her on the spot as it was quite flattering
to know they wanted me as their model. So I agreed to do it. Just as the two
men were about to leave, Travis turned to me. "Laura, would you like to have
dinner some time?"

"Are you asking me on a date?"

"If that's what you want to call it? Yes, I am asking you on a date."

"What would Marisha say about this?"

"Who cares? She's three minutes younger than me, what does she know?"

That made me laugh so hard that I agreed to having dinner with him. When I told
Marisha she shouted "And you agreed?!" She threw her arms in the air and
shouted "I can't believe it! Finally!" I just looked at her not understanding
what she meant by that. She took my hands and said "He has been talking about
this for so long. Ever since he first met you he wanted to ask you. I even
pushed him to do so. Finally he asked! Oh, yes. Finally!"

It was flattering to know he had been wanting to ask me out for such a long
time. We had a wonderful night together, he was so easy to talk to and I
learned he wasn't just another jock. There was this whole other side to him, a
nerdy side that liked video games, comic books and fantasy novels. When he
dropped me off at my apartment we kissed for the first time. As I watched him
walk off as the gentlemen he was I looked up only to see Marisha close the
curtains as quick as she could.

"You kissed him," she almost shouted, "You really kissed him! This is so good,
this is the best. Do you like him? How was it? What did you two do? Where did
you go? Tell me everything. Was he nice?"

"If you shut up I can tell you," I laughed, "Yes, I think I like him. A lot."

Marisha jumped up and hugged me saying "I knew it. I just knew it. You two are
so perfect together. Oh, this is just the best."

"How did it go with you and Matt? Second date. Quite important."

"Oh he was the best. We went for a walk on the beach, so romantic. He held my
hand and listened to me when I told him about my mom. He had something similar
in his family, so he understood me a little. We made out right underneath the
boulevard. I think we might go all the way next time."

"Wow, that's quite the step."

"Yes it is. But if just feels right, you know? We didn't end up in bed on the
first night, not like I did with all the other guys." It was true, Marisha had
shown real constraint this time. I couldn't count the number of times when I
saw that red sock on the doorknob and I had to wait somewhere else until the
coast was clear again. Not that I had gone without, but not close to the number
of times she had claimed the room.

The day of the shoot Marisha insisted to come with me to surprise her brother.
As soon as we arrived I followed the woman to where they would do my makeup.
When it was time to get dressed the photographer said there wouldn't be any.
"There's a silk sheet on the bed to cover you." Hearing that made me panic,
they hadn't told me I would be mostly nude for this shoot and I wasn't prepared
to do it. Especially with Travis being there.

They all tried to convince me and it was Travis who said "If it makes it easier
for you I will go. Just please do this, I really think it will be so good. For
you and for us as a company. We never advertised like this before and I really
think you are the one that can take it to a level we never dreamed of."

I looked into his eyes and said "You don't have to go, just don't look at me.
Please, I'm uncomfortable enough as it is."

"No," he said resolute, "I will go. Me being here makes you uncomfortable, so I
will just leave. I don't take offense, I just want to help you feel more
comfortable. Just promise me to have dinner with me again tonight."

I nodded and smiled. He kissed me on my cheeks and just walked away. I could
hear him say "See you tomorrow Carlo, I need to go back to the office. I forgot
to do something and I really need to do it." With that he left the house we
were at and I heard him drive off.

I made my way over to the bed, bathing in the lights standing around it. I laid
day, pulled the sheet over me and took off my robe. Underneath the sheet I was
completely naked now and felt scared about what was going to happen. The
photographer gave me instructions on how I should lay and how to place that
sheet over my body. The more photos we took the more skin I showed. In the last
few most of my left side and my belly were exposed, the sheet was just about
covering my breasts and my vulva. Even though it had been scary at first,
feeling that silk on my skin and showing a little _more_ of myself did feel
good.

When he asked me to move my hips for one of the last photos the sheet slipped
of my left breast just as he snapped a shot. The photo was taken before I
realized my nipple was visible on it. When Marisha told me about it I was
shocked and rushed towards the photographer who was busy downloading them onto
his laptop.

"I need to yo delete that last photo," I said, "I do not want it to come out
and I do not know whether I can trust you with it."

He looked at me as if he was telling me he had no clue what I was talking
about. "That last photo," I said a little more strict, "I was told my nipple
was showing. I want that photo and I want you to delete if from your computer
and your camera."

"You can ask," he said with a little smirk, "but those photos are mine and you
can't demand anything."

"Is that so?" I replied, "You might want to read my contract again. As far as I
know I have the final say about any photos made of me. My mother made sure that
change was made when I got more jobs. You might know off her," I told him her
name and he turned white a little. My mother had just won another high profile
case and had been on the news quite often.

"Now, you **will** put them on a thumb drive, one of those you have over there.
And I will watch you delete them from your computer and camera. Not until I am
satisfied will I leave this place." Grumbling he did as I said and I asked
Marisha to check if the photos really were deleted from all his systems. When
she told me they were I said to him "Thank you for your cooperation."

Back in the car driving home Marisha shouted "Wow, girl! I never knew you could
be so ice cold. Did you see his face when you told him who your mother was? I
really thought he was going to have a heart attack."

I chuckled and showed her how my hands were trembling. I had been shaking all
that time, it had felt so good talking to him like that. He always had been one
of those photographers who felt more important than the models who he was
photographing. "I just showed him that we models aren't just the dumb airheads
he thinks we are."

"Oh no," Marisha said, "You were the boss. You really should manage your own
agency, you would be so great at it. At least you would do something with that
degree of yours."

"My own agency? That's hard work, it took Amy almost 10 years to become who she
is today."

"Yeah, but she had to start from scratch. Nobody knew her. You're Laura, a well
know model in the industry. And, not to blow my own horns here, you already
have a rather good photographer to your disposal."

A few weeks later my face stared at you from the biggest billboards in town,
the photo where the sheet just about covered my body had been chosen for it.
For a while I got recognized as I went to the supermarket, or with anything
else I did. The campaign lasted for a few months and really worked for the
company I did it for. Their market share grew exponentially and I did a few
more shoots for them, the last one even with a male model next to me.

In the mean time Travis and I got closer, we fell in love with each other. So
did Marisha and Matt and within the year I moved in with Travis. My parents
loved him too when I finally introduced him to them. The took him in like he
was their son and I couldn't have been happier at the time.

Marisha and I decided to give that agency idea a shot and even if it took a lot
of work we made it work for us and we had a small but decent database. We had
the smaller clients, but it payed the bills and it felt good to be our own
boss.

## Chapter Three
"So," I said staring at the gentleman in front of me, "what you are looking for
are models who do not mind to get topless in front of the camera, aren't you? I
do not think we're the right agency for you."

"That could be," he replied, "It's just there aren't many agencies who provide
that service. At least I don't know any. We're not looking for --" he was quiet
for a moment then said "let's just say _adult_ pictures, we're more the
_glamour_ kind of magazine. The magazine that doesn't mind to show a little
more."

"I fully understand what you are saying," I replied, "I just do not know
whether this is something we would be willing to venture into. But I do not run
this agency alone, let me talk to my associate and we will get back to you."

"Please do," he replied as he got up, "We will need an answer by next week
though, otherwise we will be looking elsewhere as there are agencies in this
field active in other states. We're just hoping for an agency here in the
city."

"I understand. We will give you an answer by next week, let's say Wednesday?"

"That would be fine. It was nice meeting you."

After he left I sat at my desk for a moment, thinking about what to do. We
surely could use the business, it was so hard to get new clients especially now
the larger agencies were doing their best to put us out of business. Maybe we
should take a serious look at this, I thought. I just didn't know how Marisha
would feel about this, I really didn't know.

I was quite nervous when I walked into her office. I sat down on her couch.
"What's up?" she said, "I can see you're struggling with something." She had
always be the one who could see right through me, she and her brother both
could.

"I had a visitor today," I said, "A possible new client."

"That's a good thing," Marisha said, "Isn't it?"

"It could be. There's just one thing we need to discuss. They are looking for
models who aren't afraid to get nude in front of the camera. He didn't say it
with those words, he was very careful not to say it. He said they were in the
_glamour_ realm of magazines. So not porn."

"Oh," Marisha said, "Those centerfold type of photos?" I just nodded.

"We have until Wednesday to decide," I told her, "this is something I really
need to think about. We did not start this to become some sleazy agency."

"That's true.But -- we could explore this and be not sleazy at the same time.
I've heard some of those models are really being exploited. What if we properly
guide them, pay them decently and make sure they are not taken advantage off?
What if we take care of them? I think a lot of models would want to come work
for us because we do not do those things, we actually support them in any way
they might need on every level."

"That would be a good idea," I replied, "I'm just not sure about it. I need
some time to think this through."

"Well, you know how I think about it," Marisha replied, "I do not see a problem
with it. People love those photos, there's a lot of money to be made there. And
as far as I know there are no agencies in this field here."

"That's what he said," I replied with a slight chuckle. I got up and walked
out, got my purse and went home. I really needed to think what I wanted to do
and I also wanted to know what Travis thought about it.

We had a long talk about it that evening. "I just don't know if I'm comfortable
doing this. I mean if I'm not willing to do such a thing how could I ask any
of our models?"

"Aren't you? I mean when we were taking those photos for our campaign, I heard
you had fun in that bed. I heard you were even teasing the photographer at
moments. What's the difference? All you do is be topless, it isn't like
pornography, is it?"

"That's what Marisha said," I replied in deep thought. I was thinking back to
that day and he was right. I had a lot of fun that day, until I learned my
nipple had been exposed that is. But did I react the way I did because I didn't
like it or did I because I knew how my family would react? Did I really have an
issue with it? If I was honest with myself I had to admit I didn't have an
issue, not at all. I had watched that photo quite a few times and it was a very
nice picture of me, I looked so sexy in it.

"What would you think when I was the one in one of those photos?" I asked him,
"I do not want to ask my models to do anything I am not willing to do myself.
I always tell them whether I would take a job or not. If I'm not willing I
couldn't use that anymore, because I would have to tell them that I wouldn't.
But I need to know what your feelings are if I was the one being photographed
like that."

Travis thought for a minute, then said "I would be so proud. I mean my girl a
centerfold? Wow, that's every boys dream."

"Really?"

"Well, I don't know about every boy. I mean not the ones who like boys, but
most of us, yes. I still remember the first time I looked at a centerfold. I
was totally blown away. I never thought about girls the same anymore." He
chuckled as he spoke the last words. I giggled.

"So you wouldn't mind if I said yes to such a job," I said, "According to
Marisha there's a lot of money in that industry and we could surely use it.
Some of our models jumped ship and walked over to where they can get more
money. We're slowly drowning." I was quiet for a moment and continued "Marisha
had this idea to be more protective of our models when we choose to do this. To
offer more guidance, help and to pay them more than they do now. At the moment
they don't make a lot because there's no one to represent them."

"That might be a very good idea. I have no experience but if there's no one to
_protect_ them, so to say, they might want to sign with you if you do offer
those protections. Just be honest with them."

"I will have to think about it some more, but this helped a lot. Thank you.
It's good to know you will support me in this. The next thing I need to think
about is how I am going to tell it to my parents. I mean, if we're doing this I
will have to do it too. I just don't know how I would tell them."

"Again, be honest. Tell them what it is you're about to do or already have
done. I think honesty is always the best policy, like they say."

A few days later I called the man who had asked me for this. Marisha sat
across from me as I told him we were willing to take the steps needed to
venture into the glamour industry. "We will ask all of our models if they are
willing to do such shoots," I said, "But, it will be their choice and we will
not force them to do anything they are not willing to do. And we will guide
them, come with them if they want us to. They will get paid accordingly and if
they are not we will take legal action for them."

"That seems fair," he said, "let me know when you have some models available.
At the moment we are looking for girls with a little more on top. Cup C or
bigger."

We already had all their sizes in our database, just not available to our
clients directly. They could be provided when needed, now we had to make it
available if clients wanted to look for a particular body shape. It took us a
few days to ask all our models if they were willing. Almost 20 percent of our
models were prepared to be nude in front of the camera if it paid enough.

I sat at my desk staring at the screen. "Willing to do nude photography/videos"
the words seemed somehow larger to me. The profile opened was my own, I was
still listed as active in our own database. My mouse cursor hovered over _Yes_,
but I hadn't clicked the button yet. I took a deep breath, clicked on Yes, then
on the save button in the lower right of the screen. I just had to if I wanted
to be honest with our models.

Telling my parents wasn't the easiest thing I had to do for a while. My mother
especially seemed hurt when I told her. "Why? What if...? What will...?" all
those questions passed the conversation. My father hadn't spoken a word but his
face showed me he wasn't happy with it either. At that moment I was so happy
with video conferencing, this wasn't something you just did on the phone. I had
to see their faces and this was the next best thing next to flying home and
tell them in person.

"Mom, there's a lot of money in that industry. At the moment none of the models
have a decent representation, everybody is in it for the money. We want to do
it differently, we want to protect those models. Make sure they get paid what
they deserve. I heard this story about a girl who appeared in a magazine
published all over the world. They paid her 800 dollars for the shoot, she did
her best to get more they simply refused. She needed to pay her rent so she
agreed. They made millions with her photos and they own all the rights. Every
time one of her photos is used they make money, not her. We will do it
differently, the girls own partial rights on the photos taken and will get paid
whenever their likeness is used."

"That's noble," my mother replied, "but what does that have to do with you
being one of those models?"

"One reason the models want to work for us," I said, "is because I am telling
them whether I would do a shoot or not. If I'm not prepared to do this I
couldn't tell them that I would. I will not lie to them, being honest to them
is part of the deal. And I thought about it for a long time, only to come to
the conclusion that I am not against it. I am willing to do it, I am willing to
be nude in front of the camera. I mean, it's not that I'm doing porn or
anything. They are just sexy pictures in which we show a little more. Do you
remember one of the bikini shoots I did? Like that, but then topless. I mean
one of those tops barely covered my nipples anyway."

Although my mother still didn't agree she said "I'm just scared how this will
reflect on you, on us."

"Like Marisha always says, who cares? If I am happy with them, if Travis is
happy with them, if you two are happy with them, who cares what other people
think? I just didn't want to do it without telling you. I've always been honest
with you and I didn't want to begin lying now."

"We appreciate that," my mother said, "What do you thing?" My father thought
for a moment and said "If you really want to do this we will support you. Just
be prepared for some blow back, it will not be easy." My mother looked at him
as if he had told her someone had died, then turned to me and sighed. "You
heard your father. I'm just not happy with it, but you're an adult and we can't
stop you, even if we wanted to. Yes, okay, we will support your decision."

Not long after one of our models had her first _glamour_ shoot. It was for a
mans magazine and we had struck a good deal for her. She would still own 5
percent of future revenue on top of the deal we had struck for her. We would
get 30 percent of this one and nothing more. The girl was very happy with it
and so were we.

It didn't take that long for a client to ask for me. They were looking for a
woman my age and I was simply amazed by what they were offering me. We arranged
the same deal as we had done with our other models, 5 percent of future revenue
would be mine.

I had hardly slept all night and although Marisha had offered to come with me I
had refused. I needed to this on my own. The shoot was at a very nice house and
there were a lot of people there. It had been a while since I had been on such
a big shoot. There were a lot of models that day.

When it was my time to be in front of the camera I was very nervous. I was
wearing a bikini, but knew that I wouldn't be wearing it for long. I posed as
the photographer wanted me to pose. "Now just turn your body to the left. Your
hips a little more towards me. I want to to smile as you pull down the top,
like you are having fun with it."

My hands were trembling as I pulled down my top, exposing my nipples to the
camera. I smiled, heard the shutter sound then proceeded to take off my top as
instructed. The ice had been broken for me, there was nothing I could do
anymore but to have fun with it. I was amazed by how much I liked it and did
everything the photographer wanted me to do. I sat down on my hands and knees,
my triple D breasts hung down from my chest. I held them in my hand, looked
cheekily into the camera and even squeezed them a little.

When the magazine was published I couldn't wait to see them and there I was,
spread out over two pages laying in a bed staring straight at the person
watching me. Travis dog whistled when he saw them. "That's **my** girl," he
whispered. I blushed a little to hear him say that. Just a little later my
phone rang, it was my mother. Somehow she had gotten hold of a copy.

"These are beautiful," she said, "I wished you were wearing a little more, but
they are beautiful photos." I felt so good when she said those words. Clearly
she had made her peace with it. "If anyone gives you any grievance about this
just point them my way," she said, "I will give them a piece of my mind."

Our name spread around in the industry and more models joined us, not just
because we struck better deals for them but also because of me. They knew that
I knew what it was like to be a _glamour_ model, they knew we would do our
utmost to protect them.

Travis quit his job to run our company. We flew all over the world, from
Europe to Japan, from deserts to exotic islands. Being a glamour model made it
possible for us go all around the world. The bigger names in the industry
contracted us and even I got asked for the biggest magazines or online
companies.

We were on a shoot in Paris where I had to cross another boundary. Until then I
had posed alone, this time it would be with a male model. I felt so nervous
walking to the set and even more when it was time to take off my robes. I was
wearing a very nice lingerie set complete with garter belt and stockings. At
first I had to sit on a chair, wearing a see through negligee, just staring out
the window.

For the next photo I had to look surprised as he appeared next to me, wearing a
nice white suit. The next few photos I leaned against him, staring at him as if
I was in love with him. His hands were on my hips. On the next photo I looked
surprised as my bra was loose and so it went on until I was topless, my arms
backwards around his neck, his hands on my breasts. Having him touch me aroused
me, I felt myself getting wet.

The whole situation excited him too, I could feel it as he leaned against me.
His lid got harder and harder as the shoot went on. For one photo I was asked
to place my hand close to it as if I wanted to hold it. All in all we acted
like we were about to have sex and although we never actually showed his penis
I had to play like I wanted to suck it, so close was my face to his crutch. All
I wanted at that moment was to whip it out and do it for real. I couldn't
believe I had those thoughts at that moment, but I really wanted it to go
further than it did. I didn't care about the camera's anymore nor the people
who were watching me.

When the photographer said he had his shots I rushed back to the changing area
and hid on the toilet for a few moments. I had to cool down, I had to push
those thoughts to the back. I just couldn't be thinking this. After lunch we
had another shoot. This time I was in a bikini and he was wearing a long pair
of trunks. In the end I laid on top of him, his hands on the inside of my legs.
Oh how I wanted him to move them up a little more. I could feel his penis throb
in my back. As per instructions I leaned over him, my nipples close to his
face, but not touching. But I wanted him to, so bad.

After the shoot was over I rushed back to the hotel where Travis was waiting on
me. I threw my purse on the table and kissed him. I straddled him, struggled a
little and guided his half hard penis inside me. I just had to get laid. When
he asked me what came over me I told him everything that had happened on the
shoot, how aroused I got, how bad I wanted to feel him inside me. I just
couldn't help myself, just thinking about being with him as I was fucking my
husband excited me so much.

Hearing me talk like that also seemed to excite Travis, he asked me several
times what I would have done if the camera's hadn't been there. "Oh, I would
have sucked his big black cock. I wanted to suck it so bad Travis, I could feel
the size of his cock through his pants. He wanted me too. When he squeezed my
breasts, oh my god, I thought I was bout to die. It felt so good, Travis, I
wanted him to take me right there and then. To feel his cock slide inside me,
to fuck me as hard as he could."

I had never seen Travis come that much as that day. Hearing me talk about being
with another man really seemed to excite him.
