# Being Shared

_an erotic tale by Transgirl_

## Introduction

We all learn to share when we are young. All we do is act on what we have
learned, what is so wrong about that? Still whenever people find out what we
do, we get either strange questions or get scolded that what we do is wrong.
That's something I just don't understand and maybe never will.

First off all this all takes place between consenting adults, secondly we
aren't hurting anyone. On top of that it isn't that we are doing it right there
in front of you, it all takes place in our own homes or places where people
with the same ideas congregate. They just do not know how many people are
active in this lifestyle, some in the open others hidden acting like they
needed someone to come and repair something, just to have an excuse for the
neighbors.

To clarify we didn't start out this way, it sort of sneaked in and stayed. It
grew and slowly got more prevalent in our lives. I can't really recall when or
how we began to explore that side of us all I can say is at some point we did.
First we talked about it, then we fantasized. To make things more interesting
we watched some videos together while talking about how we would experience it,
how we would possibly feel. Would either one of us get jealous? Would this ruin
our relationship?

It all went so slow and that's the way I wanted it to go. I was fearful of
planning it, didn't want to go to a club. That just felt like too much force on
me. What I wanted was for it to feel natural, like when you first start dating.
There's the first kiss which leads to everything else until you share the most
intimate with the one you fell in love with. I needed that intimacy, that
connection. I couldn't believe people saying they did not need that.

The journey we took, the path we wandered was one of many twists and turns. We
had good and very bad times, but along the journey we always knew one thing: we
loved each other and would do anything to save this relationship. That simple
fact helped us step over boundaries we never thought we either would or could.
To make sure we didn't blame the other we agreed on one thing, we would always
tell the truth. Even if it meant we knew we would hurt the other. That brutal
honesty was what saved us in the end as we both had agreed to this neither of
us could blame the other. You would think this would be a source of many
conflicts, but we experienced it differently. To us it was a source of peace, a
way to end the fight, the one thing be both agreed on.

I have read some stories about living this way, they are all very personal
stories. What goes for us doesn't mean it is right for you, or the other way
around. You have to find a way to integrate this lifestyle into your
relationship so you both get something out of it and above all, as I said
earlier, never to hide anything.

There are many people who have stories about this, this is ours.

## Chapter One

In high school I was never the popular kid, just a regular student who wanted
to make her parents proud of her. I had set my goals to go to college in Fort
Dix, our capital and the seat of the most prestigious college in the country
and maybe even the world. My parents didn't particular like me moving so far
away, at the same time they didn't want to stop me from dreaming to once get
there.

Ever since I first heard of _Kingston College_ I was simply fascinated by it. I
could spend ours looking at pictures of the campus. From the central square
with the big oak tree in the middle, the old buildings surrounding it, the
entrance gate with the line of red bricks marking the transition from being a
kid to being an adult. Then there was the park surrounding the school with the
ponds and artificial waterfall. The weeping willows along the canal in the
center of the park, with the students competing in rowing boats. It all was so
magical to me. All I wanted was to be a part of that and nothing would stop me
from getting there.

All during school I was seen as the nerdy kid, the one who did just one thing:
study. For the most part that was true, it also came rather easy to me. I also
had time for social things, like playing soccer for the school team. As with
everything I was very competitive with it, all I wanted to be was the best.
Second place was never good enough for me. I didn't believe in everybody
winning, I just thought that that was stupid.

Even though I presented myself as someone who didn't care, in secret, when I
was alone, I cried about not having any _real_ friends. I didn't have anyone
who I could share my secrets with, building walls the older I got. By the time
I was graduating it took someone strong to break through those walls, I wasn't
about to let just anyone in.

The day I heard I had been accepted to my dream was one of the best of my life.
It seemed like the sun shined a little brighter, the colors were more vibrant,
I could take on the world and win. My parents were excited for me too, at the
same time they were sad to see their only child leave the house and to the
other side of the country no less. They were worried for me, but never said as
much. All I got was total support from them and how much they loved me.

After graduation all my time was spent in finding a place to stay as I didn't
want to live in the dorms. But that wasn't as easy as I thought it would be and
I had to resort to the dorms. I was too late to get into the all girls dorms,
so had to settle for the mixed one. At least I would share my room with another
girl, which made me rather anxious to go. I never was good meeting new people
and I was sure this time would be no exception.

In the documentation we received they had also described how much space you had
to store your belongings, which basically came back to one closet I could use
as a wardrobe and whatever I could store underneath my bed. "I will be looking
for something else while I am there," I told my parents, "I don't want to be in
the dorms for long."

"Maybe you like it," my mother said, "being amongst people your own age.
Exploring what it means to be an adult. College was the best time for me, lot's
of parties to go to and just having fun being young. Maybe that's something you
could try while you are there."

That thought horrified me. I had been to party, once or twice. Did my best to
be entertained, but people somehow changed as soon as they arrived at the
party. Sometimes I didn't recognize them at all. Then there was the music, the
volume cranked up so loud you could hardly speak. As with everything I put up a
mask and acted like I was enjoying myself. It had become second nature to me to
put on that disguise and be social.

The time had come to leave the house and start my journey to adulthood. As my
mother and I walked to the terminal I looked over my shoulder and saw my father
waving to me. If I looked close enough I could see the tears in his eyes. He so
much wanted to come with us, but his boss didn't allow him time off. So he had
no choice but to send me off at the airport. The last hug he gave me was so
tight and he whispered that he loved me in my ear.

After a three hour flight we landed safely in Fort Dix. As we waited for our
luggage to arrive I felt a little excited to see the city I would live in for
at least the next four years. With our luggage in our tow we walked towards the
taxi lane and about an hour later we arrived at our hotel, just blocks from the
college I was about to attend. That day was mere days away now, which gave us
some time to explore Fort Dix a little.

On the second day there was a knock on the door. We both looked at each other,
wondering who it could be. Only family knew where we were. "Maybe it's someone
from the hotel," my mother said. I walked over to open the door, but decided to
check the spyglass first. I couldn't believe it. I gasped, looked over my
shoulder to my mom and threw open the door. "Dad!" I shouted. I jumped into
his arms and he said "Surprise!"

After the initial shock I asked him "Why? How are you here?"

"I got here by plane, just as you did."

I slapped his arm "You know what I mean."

"I asked my boss again and told him how important this was to me. He said if I
could find someone to replace me it would be okay. I wanted to ask Trent, but
he didn't even let me ask him. All he said was go, I got you covered. And now
here I am. The front-desk said there was a pullout bed under the bed, I can
sleep on that."

"Are you kidding?" I shouted, "You sleep with mom and I will sleep on the
pullout. I am so glad you're here."

The three of us explored the city and the first time I walked in that park I
had seen on photos I couldn't believe I was actually there. Seeing those
weeping willows was unreal. "I thing that statue is over here," I said pulling
my mom as I turned left. I wanted to see it all and I wanted to share it with
my parents. They smiled all the time and were happy to see me this excited,
which was easy for me as I didn't have to vein a thing around them. They knew
who I was and how I felt without me having to say a word.

Ever so slowly the important day arrived and I woke up early that morning. My
parents were still asleep and as quiet as I could I got out of my bed. Sleeping
on that pullout had been more comfortable than I thought it would be. I went to
the bathroom and when I returned my mother mumbled "Go back to bed Laura. It's
way too early." But I couldn't go back, I just was too nervous about what was
about to happen that day.

I went over to the living area, if you could call it that as it was basically a
table and two chairs, and I looked out of the window. Beneath the city woke up
too, if it ever went to sleep that is. I saw the sun come up and the sky was
filled with the most beautiful colors. It promised to be another very nice day.
"I can get used to this," I thought as the weather where I came from was
totally unpredictable. "We have all seasons in one day" was a favorite saying
around that town.

I heard my mother grumble and watched how she got out of bed. "My God, it's not
even seven." she mumbled as she always did in the mornings. Being fully awake
when I got up I had inherited from my father, my mother had more difficulties
in the mornings. When she got back she made herself a cup of coffee and the
sound of the machine woke my father up as well.

"Good morning," he said when he saw me standing near the window, "Important day
today. I want mine with a lump of sugar please." He got up too and went to the
bathroom. I pushed my bed under theirs again to give us a little more space. My
mother sat down at the table and groaned. "My God, why this early?" she said.

"I just woke up," I replied, "I didn't want to wake you, but I just couldn't
sleep anymore. I am excited and nervous at the same time. What if I don't like
her?"

"She seemed nice when we called her," my mother mumbled, "Just give me a
minute, I need to wake up." My father walked back in and when he didn't see his
coffee he just chuckled and said softly to me "She isn't wake yet, is she?" I
laughed and shook my head "No, she's recovering though."

"Don't talk about me as if I'm not here," my mother grumbled, "And you know
where the machine is. I'm waking up."

Two hours later I was ready to go. Everything I could take with me was packed
up and next to the door. It was just a short walk through the park to where the
rest of my life was about to start. It couldn't have been better for me. "Well,
it's time to go I guess," my father said, "Are you ready mom?" She shook her
head and I could see she was holding back her tears. "Never, but it's time,"
she said.

As we walked though the park she put her arm around me and held me tight. "Make
us proud sweetie," she said with a tremble in her voice, "Don't mind me, this
is your day. I never wanted this day to come but here it is. Now I understand
how my mother felt when I went to college, I was the first to leave the house.
And I am so happy that we don't have to do this again."

My mother had wanted another child, but she got sick and all they could do was
remove her uterus. The cancer had not responded to any medication. I still
remember seeing her grieving over a child she never had, but to her it had as
she had always seen herself as a mother of two. It had taken her almost a year
to reconcile with the new reality and she became even more protective of me,
without getting overbearing. She wasn't a helicopter-mom, not by a long shot.
She just was very caring and dragged me to the hospital on multiple occasions
when it wasn't needed. And I loved her for that and I fully well understood why
she had such a difficult time with me going to college.

Outside the gate there were several tables with older students sitting behind
them. I got in line for the table with the letter D. When it was my time I said
"Hi, I'm Laura Davis?" The girl checked her list "Davis, Davis, ah here you
are. Laura Davis, dorm 3 room 232." She handed me a map with all the buildings
on it. She marked the building where I had to go and gave me directions how to
get there.

"You can go to your assigned room and leave your luggage there. After you have
to go to administration, that's here," she placed another cross on the map,
"there they will take a photo for your student ID. Please wear this as long as
you don't have the ID. Here is some more information about campus and some
information about all the stores, restaurants and bars that have reduced prices
for us students. Well, that's it. Welcome to Kingston. You may cross the line
and say goodbye to your parents."

I walked back to my parents after I had pinned the badge to my clothes. "New
Student" it read and it felt like a badge of honor to me. I hugged my father
and my mother who held me tightly. "I am so proud of you pumpkin," she cried,
"I truly am and I am sure you will shine here. Call me if you need me, okay? I
love you so much baby. Now go, go towards the rest of your life."

I had tears in my eyes, leaving them was harder than I expected and with my
nerves as tight as they could be I walked over to the gate. A security officer
was standing there. "Wait!" he said, "Are you ready to cross the line? Are you
ready to become an honor student of Kingston College? Are you ready to take
this step from childhood to adulthood?"

I looked at him then over to my parents. My mother nodded and my father mouthed
"Go". I turned to the guard and said "Yes, I am ready." It was tradition at
Kingston to drop of new students at the gate. It was also tradition to step
over that line of red bricks in the ground. I took a deep breath and took the
most important step in my life. Once passed the line I looked over at my
parents, my mother was clapping and crying. My father was yowling and cheering.
I had taken the biggest step in my life. I waved to them and slowly made my way
over to the dorms.

I marveled at the buildings I knew by heart from the photographs I had looked
at for hours. I gasped when I saw that big oak tree in the middle of the
square. I just couldn't believe I was actually there. The wheels of my suitcase
rattled over the cobblestone path and it didn't take me long to find my dorm. I
went inside, got in the elevator and searched for my room. The door was still
open and as I walked in a girl with long red hair was already unpacking.

"Oh hi," she said with a big smile, "So nice to finally meet you. I already
picked a side, hope you don't mind."

Both sides of the room were identical so I really didn't care. "No, I don't
mind. Been here long?"

"Not long, 20 minutes maybe. I wanted to wait for you so we can go have our
photos taken together."

"Thank you, but I had reckoned to go by myself."

"Don't be silly, we are room mates now and it's time we get to know each other
a little better. That's what introduction week is for, right? To get to know
each other, campus and who knows what else."

She was vibrant, outgoing and cheery. In short the total opposite of me. At
that moment I didn't believe we would be any more than room mates. I placed my
suitcase on the bed and by bag next to it.

"I love your hair," she said, "you should wear it loose sometimes. It's just
gorgeous. Ever thought about highlights?"

I had never been that girly girl. Sure my hair was long but that was only
because short hair didn't look right to me. Still I wore it in a bun most of
the time and I was so used to it that I didn't even think about it in the
mornings. "No not really," I replied, "I never really thought about it."

"Well, maybe you could learn a thing or two from me as I could from you. Shall
we go? Maybe we could get a latte on the way? I heard the coffee shop is really
good here."

Thirty minutes later we stood in line at the administration building, both a
latte in our hands. I hadn't had one before and I really liked it. Despite all
my reservations at first my room mate started to grow in me. Her eyes were open
and didn't show any sign of deception, she presented herself for who she was.
At that moment I wished I could be a little more like her, it was like she
didn't care what other people thought of her and it was kind of refreshing.
Normally I would just walk away and avoid her, but this time I had nowhere to
go as we shared a room.

We waited for a long time but finally it was our turn. "Ray, Marisha Ray," my
room mate said. The woman behind the counter turned to me and I said "Davis,
Laura Davis." The woman checked her list and in a very bored tone she said "You
can go over there for your photo. Your ID will be ready in -- two hours. Come
back then and collect it. Welcome to Kingston."

We had our photos taken and walked back to the dorms. There was nothing else
planned for the rest of the day but to unpack, decorate the room a little and
explore campus. When we arrived in our room both our parents were there talking
to each other. "Mom! Dad!" I shouted. I hadn't expected to seem them this
soon.

"What are you doing here?" Marisha asked hers.

"Well, we got a letter from Kingston too. We were asked to go to the back
entrance and they sneaked us in. Also a tradition. The reason nothing is
planned is so we can take you to dinner or whatever you want."

I looked at mine "Is that true?" My mother nodded and said "Yes sweetie, now we
can have a proper good bye and I got to see your room. It's better than the one
I had in college." We roamed the dorms a little and everywhere were new
students with their families. We looked at the shared spaces where there were a
few couches and even a television.

We explored campus and found the mess hall, a small pizza place and a few other
shops. After we had collected our IDs we went off campus and followed the
instructions to _old town_, the historic center of Fort Dix. We found a
beautiful small restaurant where we had the best dinner I had ever had, not
because of the food but because of the people sitting at the table. For the
first time I felt like this could become something good.

When we walked back it was time to say goodbye for real. Marisha's parents had
to drive home and my parents had to go back to the hotel. They needed to pack
as they needed to leave the following morning. I hugged them both once again
and my father slipped something in my pocket. "Don't tell you mother," he
whispered and winked. By my mothers smile I could she knew exactly what was
going on.

I took it out and opened the envelope. "Good for a new car if you pass the
first year." it read and had a photo of my favorite car on it. "Really!" I
shouted and jumped for joy. Both my parents nodded and my mother said "Only
when you pass the first year." I hugged them again and I showed it to Marisha
she started jumping to, then stopped and turned to her parents. "See, that's
how you treat a daughter!"

Her mother burst into laughter and said "Like we haven't given you everything
you own. I love you Mar. And remember your father and brother will bring your
car next week." Marisha turned to me and said "It's in the shop. Not my fault,
that pole didn't give way. It could have moved out of the way, but it didn't."

I burst into laughter "Did you really hit a pole?"

Marisha looked sad and said "Yeah, but as I said not my fault." Her face lit up
and she said "Time for us to go. Bye all and it was so nice meeting you Mr and
Mrs Davis. Come let's unpack for real." She grabbed my had and pulled me away,
all I could say was "Bye! Nice meeting you!"

The next morning I got startled when I didn't recognize where I was
immediately. From the other side I could hear Marisha breath and clearly she
was still sleeping. I got up, grabbed my robe from the hook on the door and put
it on. The hallway was still empty and I made my way over to the girls
bathroom. Even though this dorm was mixed, there were more girls than boys on
our floor so one of the boys bathrooms was being retrofitted for girls, but
until then we had to do with what was available.

Once in the booth I could let go of a deep breath wondering what the future
would bring. We would have a week of introductions to our new professors, our
fellow students and the extra-curricular activities we were expected to do. As
a first year student we were expected to do something that gave back to the
community. Kingston was well known for it's charitable work, a tradition
started by the founder Alexander Kingston. He was well known for all the
charities he started in his live.

Once back in our room Marisha had woken up too. "Good morning," she yawned, "I
had a good sleep. Did you sleep well?" I just nodded and sat down on my bed.
Marisha rose up and looked out the window. "Looks like another fine day," she
said, "I am going to wear a dress today. Yes." She got up, grabbed her robe and
disappeared. I didn't have problems getting up, but Marisha was just a little
bit to cheery in the morning. I grabbed my toiletries, a towel and walked over
to the girls shower rooms. Two of them were already in use the girls were
chatting with each other. I will need to get used to that, I thought.

I opened the farthest one and noticed there was a sign in the booth telling me
that once I pressed the button I would get 10 minutes of hot water. "You are
expected to vacate the showers after the ten minutes have passed." it read
underneath. I got my shampoo ready and everything else I needed. Ten minutes
were doable for me, I didn't shower long at home any way.

As I was getting ready I heard Marisha in the next booth say "Aw, ten minutes?
How am I going to do my hair?". A girl from one of the other booths shouted
"Very quickly?" Marisha started to laugh and said "I guess. Well, better get
started then." The other girl said "You can always wash your hair in the sinks.
There is no restriction on those."

When the ten minutes were over I was just about ready and put the towel around
myself. I walked over to one of the sinks and the girl who was on the other end
said "Hi, I am Valery. Also first year student?"

I nodded and said "Hi, Laura. Nice to meet you." I started brushing my teeth as
Valery asked "What's your major? Mine is Psychology."

I took the brush out and said "Law."

"Oh nice, Lilly, who's just coming out, is law too." The girl who stepped out
just said "Hi, I'm Lilly."

I held up my hand as a greeting and continued brushing. "Anyone got a blow
dryer? I forgot mine." Lilly dug in her bag and handed her one. Through the
noise the dryer made Valery said "I can't wait to meet our professors. Mine is
said to be very cute. Do you have a boyfriend Laura?"

I was just done brushing and rinsing my mouth. "No, never had one really."

"Never had a boyfriend? That can't be true, you're so pretty."

"Well, no long ones. Longest lasted a month maybe."

"A month? How many did you have?"

"Two."

"Two? No, you're pulling my leg. Lilly do you believe Laura had just two
boyfriends. Look at her. I wish I had her hair."

Lilly looked over and said "Don't worry. I only had one, enough to know that I
didn't like boys and I was gay. I really have to thank him for that, I guess."

"Your gay?" I blurted out and immediately my face turned red, "I am so sorry,
that came out wrong. I didn't mean it that way."

Lilly laughed "I am used to it. They all think that lesbians have short hair,
act like men and all the other stuff. No offense taken. But yes I am gay."

At that moment Marisha stepped out of the booth totally naked. "I love gay
people," she said, "and just to remind you, you can look but not touch, okay?
Hi, I'm Marisha. First year Creative Design and Photography. Nice to meet you
ladies."

Lilly laughed and said "So sad, I like what I see." Marisha had a devilish
smile on her face. "I like teasing lesbians," she said to me, "It's so much
fun." That made Lilly laugh even harder.

"I've seen many forms in which people accepted me, but never like this. Thank
you Marisha, this is the best way ever." Lilly shouted.

I chuckled and simply couldn't believe Marisha just walked out like that, but
now I knew why she had done it. It was her way telling Lilly that she didn't
care whether she was gay or not, that she simply accepted her for who she was.

I was done there and was packing my stuff when Marisha said "Oh no, no, no. You
are *not* having that bun today. Come here, I will do your hair, maybe a little
eye-liner and some mascara. Let me help you." I was dumbfounded by it and
watched her pull a chair closer. "Sit down," she said.

She braided my hair, did my makeup and when she was finished she said. "Look at
yourself. Isn't that better?" I hardly ever wore makeup and if I did I stopped
at eyeliner. This was way more than that and still subtle as if I didn't have
any one me. My hair was beautifully braided and I was just stunned by what I
saw.

"And you had just two boyfriends?" Valery laughed, "You are going to be
swatting them off after today." I felt myself blush and didn't know how to
respond. When I looked at myself in the mirror it just didn't feel like me,
but I didn't want to disappoint Marisha so I just said that I loved it.


