# Becoming
_an erotic tale by Transgirl_

## Preface
Did I ever have regrets? So many, but not for who I am or who I became. I've
read so many _confessions_ in this magazine and now here is mine. To protect
the people I love or ever met in my life if changed their names and the
locations where this all took place. I've even assumed another name for myself,
as I dare not reveal it for now. I do hope you can accept that choice. To proof
everything I will tell is the truth I've provided more information to two
journalists of this magazine. They were able to verify that information and
will preface this with their declarations. With this all being said, let's
begin at the beginning: how I grew up in a small town in the north.

## Chapter One: Growing Up
The town where I grew up was rather small, just big enough that not everybody
knew each other, but small enough that you could walk out within 30 minutes in
either direction. To the north we had mountains where we could ski in the
winters, to the east a lake where we could sail or swim during summers and
skate in the winters. In all other directions our town was surrounded with
fields of waving wheat.

Our town was rather isolated with just a small shop for the most immediate
needs as milk, flower and freshly baked bread. For us as children the store had
sweets and ice cream. The store was run by Mrs Jonassen ever since her husband
had passed away. Even though there were rumors going around about her less than
celibate life style, she was still loved and respected. She always maintained
she was visiting her sister every Saturday, but no one really believed that as
the two had parted ways in a not so friendly way. Her sister was in the believe
Mrs Jonassen had stolen her boyfriend, she didn't even attend their wedding.

The bell attached to the door chimed as I opened it, a list of groceries in my
right hand and a purse with money in my left. "Good morning Laura," Mrs
Jonassen said, "What can I do for you today?" I handed her the grocery list and
she read everything my mother had written down. I didn't speak much back
then and some even thought I was a mute. "Well now, let's see a carton of milk,
eggs and ..." she walked through the store gathering everything.

A few minutes later she returned and I handed her the purse. It didn't take
long for Mrs Jonassen to hand me the bag of groceries and the purse. Just as I
was about to leave she said "Oh, I almost forgot something your mother wrote
down. One moment, Laura." She walked into the store once more and returned with
a Popsicle. "Now put the purse in the bag," she said, "and here you go. It was
so nice to see you again, say hello to your mother from me." I nodded and with
a big smile on my face I skipped back to our house.

I'm telling that story because it is the earliest memory I have and to me it
illustrates what life was like back then. I must have been 4 or 5 years old and
it was normal for children that age to be send on small errands like that. The
fact that I got a Popsicle as a reward surely helped make it worth me while. My
mother smiled when she saw me walk in with it. "I got a Popsicle," I blurted
out and handed her the bag with the groceries. Now I never knew whether I got
it for free or my mother paid for it and neither did I know back then how much
it would have cost, I just sat on the couch with that delicious red and cold
treat.

My mother was a simple woman, she worked hard at the farm of her uncle. Taking
care of and milking the cows. Ever since my father had passed away it was just
the two of us. We weren't rich by any means, neither were we poor. My mother
did the utmost to make me happy and I truly was. It wasn't until I was ten when
she met the man who would become my stepdad. He never wavered from my deviance
and won me over by just being there for me. The first time I chose to call him
dad he had tears in his eyes, he thought I had made a mistake but I hadn't. He
was good to my mother and me, he had always said he didn't want to replace my
father nor did he want me to ever forget him. The day I chose to call him dad
was when he took me to my fathers grave.

I hadn't been there in forever and it was Fathers day. He didn't even hesitate
when I asked him if we could go, just the two of us. I had no real memories of
him as I was so young when he passed away. All I knew of him were photos and
what my mother had told me. I stood alone for a while before I turned around
and waved him to come closer. With a few steps he stood next to me, I looked up
and said "Thanks dad, I would like you to meet my father. I never knew him as
he laying in there now."

"Did you just call me dad?" he asked with those tears in his eyes. I just
nodded. He knelt down and said "You don't know how much that means to me,
little pumpkin." He hugged me and I put my arms around him. Then I turned back
to the headstone and said "Father, I will never forget who you are. We never
had the chance to get to know each other, but what mom told me I think we would
have liked each other very much. But this is my daddy now and I love him too.
So please don't be mad, be happy for us. We all still love you and mommy misses
you. Happy Fathers day, Father." I turned to my dad and said "Happy Fathers day
to you too."

We walked back hand in hand, not saying a word. When we walked into the house
my mother just knew what had happened, she embraced the both of us and said
"This is a good day." I could hear my dad say "She called me dad," and then he
just cried happy tears. Half a year later they got married and when I was 11 I
asked him to adopt me on his birthday. My mother and I had gone to a judge and
arranged everything, all he had to do was sign the papers. He couldn't get a
pen quick enough and with a stroke of the pen I was Laura Davis. Years later he
would tell me that it had been the greatest gift he had ever gotten, for me to
become officially his daughter.

I tell you all of this just to make clear I do not come from a broken home or
have a bad childhood. None of that could be farther from the truth. I just made
choices, some good, some bad. I never did anything I didn't want to do, never.
And whats more I didn't ever lie about it either. The day I lost my virginity
was the day I told my mother and the day we had _the talk_. My parents weren't
the liberals I make them seem, they had a hard time with some of my choices and
would rather have seen I had made some other ones, but they never stopped
loving me and showing that they supported me, whatever choices I made. Maybe
that is why I never gave in to all the temptations of alcohol and drugs around
me and trust me it would have been so easy to do so.

During my high school years I had my share of boyfriends but only slept with a
few. I wasn't an out layer in that respect, not at all. The earliest that
happened was when I was with Todd and only after we had been dating for a
month. The other three had been weeks if not months later. The biggest thing
that was holding me back was what other people might think of me. I always
dressed the way people expected me to, acted like it and always showed respect
to anyone older than me. I did all of it because of what people might think,
something that was very important to my mother too.

That way of thinking had put me in a mental cage that I didn't even know
existed. That cage was rattled when I went to college. That's when I met
Marisha, my room mate. Where I was quiet and shy, she was loud and proud. At
first I didn't know whether I would want to be room mates with her for all of
the four years, but my mother had always said to give anyone a fair shot. "Some
people might surprise you, like your dad did with me." she said. Ever since
that Fathers day we had agreed to use _father_ for my birth-father and _dad_
for my stepdad.

So I decided to give Marisha a fair chance too. She was the one that opened my
eyes to new worlds. Worlds wherein you could have fun and be who you are,
without worrying about what other people might think. "Why should I care about
what some random person on the street thinks of me?" she once said, "I care
about what the people I love think. Those are the opinions I hold dear, not
what some Tom or Harriet thinks. If I did that than I would never do anything
fun."

Ever so slow I started to open up too. The first time I went outside wearing a
tight shirt felt so liberating. I had always worn clothes that hid my natural
curves, wide and loose shirts or blouses, my hair neat in a bun. Looking back
now I looked like a grandma and I was only 16 for example, but that was rather
normal back where I came from. The first time I came home dressed like I did in
college I could see my mother having a hard time with it, but when she saw how
happy I was she changed her mind. The best thing of it all was seeing my mother
change her appearance too. Other women followed her example later. But that
happened years after I had left college and I am getting ahead of myself.

Let me talk about that day I first went outside in that shirt. We were getting
ready to go see our school football team. It was an important game for them as
they could reach the state finals for the first time in almost ten years.
Marisha came rushing into our room, she had just purchased to school shirts for
us to wear. "Here you are," she said as she threw me one of them, "They are
on-size-fits-all." I opened it and gasped when I noticed how small it was.

"Didn't they have other ones?" I asked.

"Nope," she replied, "these were all that were left. Come put it on, I'm sure
you'll look fine."

Now it had taken me weeks if not months to allow myself to change in the same
room as Marisha. I never had siblings and modesty was a virtue I was always
told. At that moment I still hadn't quite gotten used to taking of my clothes
in front of her and she was kind enough to turn around for me. When I had put
the shirt on I started pulling it on different spots and only stopped when
Marisha told me to stop. "You'll ruin it," she said, "Wow, that looks so good
on you. Look at that, why have you been hiding that?"

I looked at myself in the large mirror on my wardrobe. It looked strange on me,
I thought, I can't wear this. I also heard what Marisha said and felt confused.
Why would she lie about a thing like that?

"Girl, you look fine," Marisha whispered, "Don't hide what your mother gave
you. We are women, we have curves. Be proud of them. You have an amazing body
and you should show it off. And it's not that your showing any cleavage, it's
just a t-shirt."

"But it's so -- pink," I protested, "I never wear these kinds of colors."

"But you should," Marisha said wearing her bright yellow one, "Bright colors
are fun. I love bright colors." She jumped around with her hands in the air
shouting "Go Cougars!" followed by a very enthusiastic "Come on. Let's go and
watch some handsome boys play football." She had the biggest smile on her face
and I felt myself getting excited too.

Just before we left _Mildred's Hall for girls_ I stopped and took a deep
breath, I looked at Marisha and said "Okay, let's do this." We stepped into the
evening sun outside and joined the stream of students moving towards the
stadium. At first I felt out of place, being looked at and then one of the
girls I had classes with walked up and said "Laura! Nice shirt! GO COUGARS!"

That reaction boosted my self confidence and I started chanting too. The
enthusiasm of the crowd was infectious and just minutes later I let go for the
first time. That day I learned nobody really seemed to care and we all were
just having fun. The game was very close and there was a tension in the crowd.
We all cheered when our team scored and awed when the other team did. It all
came down to the final seconds. I had never heard such a loud roar going
through a stadium as when our team scored the final touchdown. We all counted
down and cheered when the final score showed a win for the cougars.

We all partied in the stands, waved our flags and started to sing our school
anthem, it was the best day of my life. We had seats on the third row and I
watched our team party on the field. One of them took off his helmet and
somehow our eyes crossed. That split second seemed to last ages and I felt
butterflies rise up in my belly. This time was different from all the other
times I had felt them, this somehow felt more intense. Even Marisha seemed to
have noticed and asked "Saw anything you liked?" She bumped me with hear
shoulder and I said "No!" just a little to fast and loud. "You did! You did see
something you liked. Was it number 14 Or 43?"

I looked at her and said "It was none of them, okay? Let's just go."

We followed the partying crowd outside, all I could think about was number 12
the boy I had looked at and who seemed to look straight at me. The school had
organized an after party on the central square, one of the students played DJ
and when the players arrived they took their place on the quickly erected
podium. When number 12 was announced my heart skipped a beat and Marisha said
"So it was him." and she started to laugh. I just bumped her with my hip and
said "No!" but chuckled.

We partied for a few hours before I suddenly noticed I could find Marisha
anywhere. I started to look around for a while until I really had to go to the
bathroom. I went into a stall and as I sat down I heard a weird sound coming
from the stall next to me and when I heard someone say "Come in my mouth" I
gasped: it was Marisha! After flushing I got on top of the toilet and looked
over the wall into that stall. She was on her knees and sucking one of the
football players. He had his hands on her head and pushed his rod deep inside
her mouth.

Quickly I ducked and got out of there. Still not believing what I had seen I
ran back to our room and fell on my bed. I felt appalled and excited at the
same time. Half an hour later Marisha walked in asking "Where were you? I just
went to the bathroom and you were gone."

I looked at her and said "I saw you with that boy. I was in the stall next to
you."

"Oh," Marisha said, "You saw that. Well, I'm not going to apologize. He has
played a good game and I rewarded him for it."

"By doing that? You could have just kissed him or something. But that?"

"Oh, but we did and then one thing led to another. And I liked it too. I love
sucking cock, sue me."

"Don't say it like that," I said angrily, "That's obscene."

"What? Sucking cock is? Why? That's how it's called. Let's just call a spade a
spade here. I'm not being rude, that's just how we talk where I come from."

"It is?" I wondered, "Well, where I come from it's rude and obscene."

"Why? Everybody does it. How else are children born? I know for sure you
aren't a virgin anymore, you told me as much without even really saying it. Let
me just ask you this: was it enjoyable for you too? Or did they just do their
thing and go?"

I blushed and felt really awkward with the way things were going right then. "I
don't want to talk about it," I replied. And I really didn't, talking about
those things just weren't done. Sure I told my mother I had lost my virginity
that day, but not in those exact words. It was more like "Mom, I've been with a
boy" or something like that. Euphemisms were a big thing in our family. My
mother immediately knew what I was talking about and gave me _the talk_ without
actually using the words. Even when we went to the doctor for the pill it was
for medical reasons not to prevent pregnancy but to combat the pain I felt
during my period.

"If not now then when?" Marisha asked, "Look I really like you Laura, but you
need to loosen up a little. Ayan and I just had a little fun today, it doesn't
mean anything. We both wanted it and it isn't that we fucked or anything, it
was just a blow job."

I cringed with every rude word she used in that sentence and really didn't know
how to respond. This went against anything I was taught and still I knew she
was right, I just couldn't get myself to admitting it. Marisha didn't just
rattle at that cage in my head, she was trying to tear it apart. She finally
sat down next to me, put her arm around me and said "Didn't you have fun today?
Wasn't it just a fun afternoon?" I slowly nodded. "Then why is this such a big
problem? It wasn't like I did it out in the open. We retreated into the
bathrooms, in a stall for some privacy. And just so you know, when we went in
there we weren't the only ones."

"You weren't?"

"Oh no, all the stalls were occupied. We even had to wait for a while."

"You did? But there are 7 stalls? You mean 7 girls --"

"Were having fun with 7 boys, or maybe 8 or nine. Some of them had two."

"What? Really? Girls do that?"

"Oh, I love your innocence in this. You still have so much to learn about the
world Laura, you really do."

In the months after I learned a lot in that aspect, mostly from Marisha but I
had started to talk with other girls too. Marisha had loosened the door of that
cage in my head, others opened it. The more I talked about it the easier it got
and the more I realized how normal it was to actually exchange information
amongst girls. I had never experienced that as there had only been three other
girls my age in town and we never talked about boys that way, ever.

"Oh my God," one of them said as she sat down with our group, "Clark just asked
me out on a date. What should I do? I mean he's cute and all, but he's such a
dork too."

"Clark? Really?" another girl responded, "You should totally do it. I heard
he's great in bed. I heard he's _well shaped_ and he takes his time. At least,
that's what I heard."

"But he's such a dork," another girl said, "I mean he's in Computer Science for
God's sake. No, I want someone from the law department, at least he will make
some money later. I want a rich guy and go to the spa all day."

"I just want to be loved," another girl said with a sigh, "a big wedding, a
nice dress, all my family gathered. Going to the wedding in a white horse and
carriage." She sighed as she was imagining it all.

I was just quiet through it all and chuckled softly. It had taken me a long
time to even be amongst them, let alone speak out. "What do you want Laura?"
one of them asked and it was like my heart stopped.

"Oh, I don't know," I responded as I felt myself blush, "Someone nice and
caring. Someone who makes me laugh. Someone sweet, someone who I can talk to."

"Boring!" someone shouted, "We all want someone who can make us come."

They all burst into laughter and even I chuckled although I really had no clue
what she had meant by that. Later Marisha explained it to me and that's when I
understood the joke.

During that first year I started to wear my hair differently, mostly lose or in
a pony tail, but never in a bun again. Marisha taught me how to braid my hair,
use makeup and everything else girls normally learned at a young age. And I
took it all in like a sponge. That Summer break it felt strange putting back my
old clothes, it didn't feel like me anymore. It felt like stepping back into
that cage and closing the door behind me, waiting for someone to lock it again.

As I was packing my bag I decided to change at the last moment, got in my car
for the six hour drive back home. I didn't wear the tightest clothes I had,
just a nice dress I had bought a few weeks before. On top I wore a nice jacket
and I had my hair loose except for the front which was tight in a small pony
tail. When my mother rushed outside to greet me she gasped shortly, then said
"Laura! Look at you all grown up. You look wonderful. Come in, come in."

Being home again felt nice and the fact they didn't complain about my clothes
felt even better. Even the other people in town didn't really seem to mind and
I started to wonder whether I had put myself into that cage, if it had all been
in my mind. That experience was maybe even more eye opening than the whole year
I had been in college. That summer I decided to never get into that cage again.

## Chapter Two: Experiments were done
Once back in college I rushed to our room only to see Marisha wasn't there yet.
Granted I was a few days early, I had just hoped she would be there too. I
unpacked everything, gathered some clothes, a towel and everything else I
needed. The halls were still quiet as I was one of the first to come back. I
walked towards the bathrooms and took a shower. The six hour drive had been
tiring and I just wanted to freshen up. It was when I wanted to get dressed
that I noticed I had forgotten to take my clothes with me. They were still on
my bed.

In a slight panic I bound the large towel around my body and peeked outside the
bathroom door to see if anybody was out there. With my heart beating loud I
took the first step back to our room. Then another and another. I didn't dare
to walk faster as I was so afraid the towel would come lose. I held everything
I had brought tightly against my front just make sure the towel wouldn't fall
when it came loose. Step after step I came closer to the privacy of our room
and just as I felt like I was going to make it the door next to ours opened and
Silvia stepped out. "Oh hey Laura," she said, "I didn't know you were back. How
was summer?"

It was like she wasn't even surprised to see me this way, as it was the most
normal thing to do. "It was okay," I replied still shaken by seeing her, "I had
a good time being home. And you?"

"Oh it was the best. You took a shower? That's a great idea, I think I'll do
that too. Just had a three hour flight and I feel a little sticky. So nice to
see you again. Want to get some dinner later?"

"That would be nice, I missed the pizza here."

"Pizza! Now that's an even better idea. Give me half an hour or so. I will
knock when I'm ready okay?" I just nodded and went into our room. I leaned
against the closed door with my back and let go of a big breath of relieve. She
hadn't even cared about the way I looked, I thought and I started to giggle.
More from the release of tension than about the whole situation.

I was just finished braiding my hair when there was a knock on the door. "Come
in," I said and Silvia came in. "Ready?" she asked and we went to Antonio's,
the pizza place on campus. Dylan, who owned Antonio's, was happy to see us
again and we ate the pizza on the central square underneath the old oak tree
and had a good time together. Silvia and I really didn't know each other that
well and it just was nice to spend some time with her.

A loud noise woke me up in the middle of the night. From the other room I heard
Silvia shout "Sorry, didn't mean to do that." and I giggled. But I couldn't
really catch my sleep again, I just laid there thinking. I switched on my light
and reached for the book I was reading, _Discovering Aimee_ was the title. It
was about a girl discovering who she was and it was rather saucy at times, at
least to me it was.

After reading for a while I put the book away and just stared at the empty bed
on the other side of the room. Suddenly I felt like I had to go to the bathroom
and I got up. I reached for my robe and thought "Nah, I'm wearing a gown and
there are just girls in here." As I was washing my hands afterwards I looked at
myself in the mirror and a scene from the book popped into my head. "Oh no
Laura, you can't" I said to myself. But the excitement got the better of me and
I took off my gown. In just my panties I stepped into that hallway and started
walking the 200 feet back to our room. Passing Silvia's door was the hardest
part, I knew she was in there probably asleep. It was the excitement, the
adrenaline rushing through my veins that almost made me giggle and I just had
to stop to calm myself. I straightened myself and realized I had been standing
in front of that door for quite some time and rushed the last steps back to our
room.

I fell onto my bed, mothering my laughter in my pillow. Just about an hour
later I stepped outside again, this time my gown was still on my bed. I quietly
walked the other way and looked around before I walked into the central room
that connected two hallways. I sat down on one of the couches and leaned
backwards. I softly giggled as I did so. I just sat there for a few seconds
before I got up and rushed back to our room. I had done what Aimee had done in
the book, I had walked the halls of my dorms almost naked and it felt like a
huge victory. There was just one difference, Aimee had one it during the day
when everybody was out and I had done it secretly deep into the night.

The next night I waited until everything was quiet again, more people had
arrived by now and it was almost 3AM when I stepped into that hall. I had
challenged myself to walk to the central room and go to the far end of the
other hallway, then turn around and walk back again. My heart was racing all
the time, I could hear noises come from some of the rooms I was passing while
being topless. From one room I could hear soft music coming and I stopped to
dance in front of it for a few seconds before I walked on.

It was mostly the risk of being caught that excited me and when I returned to
the central room again I sat down on a chair near the window. I sat there for
almost a minute before I got up to go back to our room. Just as I closed the
door I heard another one open. I jumped into my bed and pulled the blankets
over me as if they could come in at any moment. A stupid reaction I soon
realized, as far as they knew I had just gone to the bathroom just as most
probably they were.

The next day Marisha came back and I knew my chances of repeating those walks
were gone, until one night weeks later Marisha was sound asleep. I knew she
didn't wake that easily and I sneaked out of bed. Again I walked the halls
topless and by this time everybody had come back making it even more exciting.
I was halfway down the other hallway when I heard a door open up behind me, I
jumped into the bathrooms I was just about to pass and rushed into one of the
stalls. My heart was racing even faster now and I listened how the door opened
and someone entering. She just went into one of the other stalls, washed her
hands after and left again.

I waited for a few more minutes, before I dared to take a deep breath again. I
slowly came out of the stall and out the bathrooms. The hall was empty and I
rushed back to our room. I had just pulled my blankets over me when I heard
Marisha moan "Don't make so many noises, I'm sleeping." I drowned my giggles in
my pillow and fell asleep. It was a few weeks after that Marisha caught me, I
was just about to step into the hallway when she said "What are you doing?"

Hearing those words felt like she had thrown knifes in my back and I slowly
closed the door again. She switched on the light and saw me standing there
topless. "What are you doing?" she asked again and I felt like I was about to
cry. "Nothing" I replied.

She got out of her bed and said "This isn't nothing. Were you about to streak?"

"Streak?" I repeated. I had never heard of that word before.

"Yes, walk the halls naked?"

"No," I said as I was still wearing my panties."

"You were!" she said with a smile and before I knew it she took off her long
shirt and her panties. "Let's do it together!" she whispered with a laugh. I
looked at her for a moment, then proceeded to take off my panties too. Hand in
hand, both with our other hand in front of our mouths we stepped into the
hallway. We didn't say a word as we walked through that hall totally naked, we
reached the central room, turned around and rushed back.

Marisha burst into laughter and asked "How long have you been doing this?"

"A while," I answered truthfully, "I was reading this book." and I handed it to
her. "I was awake the other night and in the bathroom it just popped into my
head. The passage where she just walks outside, naked. It was just so exciting
and before I knew it I was doing it."

"Wow, I would never have thought," Marisha said, "Wow, Laura. You go girl and
now I've done something I thought I would never do too. Oh, I love you Laura, I
really do."

We laughed for a little while longer and just chatted, all the time we were
naked and it started to feel comfortable. Marisha and I had become more than
just friends that night, we had become sisters.

## Chapter Three: First Steps
During that second year I started working as a waitress at _Boobs_, a
restaurant chain where the girls work tight sexy shirts, hotpants and 6 inch
high heels. At first my feet were hurting like hell after just two hours, but
the more I walked in them the easier it got and after a few weeks of working
multiple days a week I got used to it and could manage the whole 4 to six hours
my shift lasted.

At first I wore my bra when I was at work, but when I noticed I could get more
in tips when I didn't I stopped doing so. Even though there was a strictly no
touching policy, it was silently condoned. Only when you complained they would
act upon it, but I mostly just smiled and walked away. The first time it to me
I felt abused but also liked it. On top of that they mostly tipped me more
after they had squeezed my butt cheeks. I noticed myself standing just a little
closer to our patrons, inviting them to touch me.

One evening one of our guests asked me if he could touch my boobs, I looked
over my shoulders and as it was one of the more hidden tables I leaned a little
forward. Him touching me send all kinds of shivers down my spine, mostly good
ones. When it was time to pay he tipped me almost 100 dollars, which I proudly
put under my shirt as I made a courtesy towards him.

When my shift was over I had earned almost 170 dollars in tips that night, on
top of the measly 47 dollars I got from the restaurant. Many of you might say
working in such a restaurant is demeaning to women, to them I would say give me
another _regular_ job where I can make 217 dollars as an 19 year old in just
over 4 hours. To me it was just a job and we were well taken care off. For
instance we had a closed off space where we could park our cars as not to get
harassed after work. The parking lot was well lit and there were cameras
everywhere. This all was installed when one of the girls who worked there
before I even moved to town got raped when she walked to her car. To make a
long story short I didn't really mind working there.

It was a Friday night and there was a big party at one of the fraternity
houses. Marisha and I were both invited to come and for me it would be my first
time going to a party like that. I wore a nice dress and heels, Marisha a short
shirt and skirt. We weren't the only girls there and soon enough we stood with
a couple of them in the kitchen just chatting away.

When a song Marisha liked was played she took my hand and pulled me towards the
improvised dance floor. There were mostly girls dancing as the boys sat on the
couches along side of it watching. At first I felt a little uncomfortable, but
then Marisha whispered "Just have fun with it." and I loosened up a little.

It was almost 2AM and I was on my third white wine of the night, I wasn't a
heavy drinker and could feel the effects of the alcohol. A nice boy chatted me
up and before I knew it we were kissing, I just let go and enjoyed it. He took
my hand and guided me to one of the rooms upstairs. The first one was already
taken and he pulled me into the room one door over. I dropped on the bed and he
got on top of me. We started making out and I felt his hands going all over my
body. Then I got up and took off my dress as sexy as I could.

I laid down on my back and watched him take off his clothes. When I again came
on top off me, I guided his hard cock inside my wet pussy. "Now fuck me" I
whispered and so he did. I spread my legs wide as he rammed his love pole deep
inside me. It took him only a few minutes to pull out and ejaculate over my
belly. I giggled as he sagged down next to me. I got up, cleaned myself with
some towel I found laying around, put on my dress and went downstairs.

Only when we walked home I told Marisha what had happened. "What?!" she almost
shouted, "You did what?" I shushed her and told her again what had happened.
"Laura!" she said with a smile, "I would never have thought. You dirty slut
you. Wow, congratulations. How was it?"

"Disappointing," I replied, "He only needed a few minutes. Before I knew it it
was over and done."

"What did you do?"

"Cleaned up a little, got dressed and went downstairs."

"Wow," she smiled, "Simply wow. Who would have thought that shy girl I met just
over a year ago would do something like this. I am so proud of you, Laura." I
took her arm and smiled all the way back to the dorms.

It wasn't like I jumped into bed with anyone or on the first date, all I had
conquered was keeping it to myself. Marisha and I shared everything, who and
what we liked.
