# Camping
*an erotic tale by Transgirl*

## Chapter One
Laura hadn't gone camping for a long time and she was really looking forward to
it. Her best friend had rented an RV and they had decided to go to a site with
a beautiful lake so they could go sailing too. She had already packed for her
husband and now she was packing for herself. Always a hard decision to make on
what she should bring and what she should leave behind. According to Marisha
she absolutely should bring her bikini's. "There's such a beautiful beach,"
Marisha had said, "We could soak in the sun."

She had watched the news to see what the weather would bring and it promised to
be a beautiful summer. Getting the weeks off from work hadn't been easy, but
she hadn't missed a day since she had started working there and never been sick
either. So finally her boss had agreed and now they could go for two whole
weeks. "Wow, one whole suitcase for me," Travis had laughed when he came in the
room, "and one, two, three for you? We're just going for two weeks, you know
that right?"

"Yes, but what if it's going to rain?" she protested.

Shaking his head he had gone away and Laura stood in front of the closet trying
to decide which of the two dresses she should bring, then deciding to bring
them both. She was known to bring too many clothes and this time it wasn't
going to be different.

The next morning Marisha and Matt picked them up at 7 in the morning and after
a fresh cup of coffee and Travis helping with the suitcases they could finally
get on the road. The two men sat in the front, the ladies were chatting in the
back. The trip would take at least two days and was part of the fun. "Did you
see the lake?" Laura said.

"Yes," Marisha replied, "and they have a nice bar too. Imagine sailing all day
and then going to the bar after. It's so much fun."

Laura and Marisha had met in college and soon they had asked whether they could
share a room together. They had shared everything with each other, as far as
Laura knew they didn't have any secrets anymore. They had made good headway
when they stopped for the first time at a rest stop. They had a nice dinner,
stretched their legs and when they started the second leg of the day it was
Marisha's time to drive. Now the roles where reversed with the ladies in front
and the men in the back.

That night they spent at a small site, with just electricity so they could
watch some TV. The next morning Laura drove the RV and Travis took over after
lunch. Finally they arrived at their destination and Matt parked the RV nicely
in it's spot. The men took their time connecting everything and expanding the
side so they had more room. The women prepared the bunks so they all could
sleep at night.

When all was done Matt grilled some nice steaks and they had their first dinner
outside the RV, their spot had lots of privacy and they were near the lake. It
was after midnight 
