# Changing
_an erotic tale by Transgirl_

## Chapter One
There is no special reason to explain why I've become what I am today, it all
just went from one thing to another. I'm not even complaining, it's just who I
am and this is how I feel happy. It was a long ride to get to where I am today.
I had a good childhood, got good grades and come from a very loving family, I
never did drugs, never was pressured, all I did was explore who I am and yes I
had to step over boundaries, but I am so happy that I did.

As far as I can remember it all started in college. I grew up in a very rural
town called White Mountain, in the north of our country. Besides the farms to
the south, there were mountains to the north where we went skiing during the
winter. To the east a big lake where we went swimming or sailing during summer,
to the west a large reserve for the Waichipata tribe. The only mountain without
any slopes was White Mountain, a sacred place to the members of the tribe.

Most of my fellow students went to college in Monroe and so did I. The first
time we weren't under our parents wings anymore, our first steps towards
adulthood. For me it was also the first time I interacted with people who
weren't from our community, a confrontation, as you will, with ideas different
from the ones I grew up with. More liberal ideas.

By the time I graduated I wasn't the girl who left for college anymore. My
parents wanted me to come back home and start a live in White Mountain like
they had done, but I wanted to see the world. Many of my friends and family
hadn't even left the country once, some of them not even the state. There was
so much more out there.

The only job I could get was a dumb office job for the state government
overseeing wildlife in the area. As it meant that I was at least doing
something with my degree I accepted it and rented my own little apartment in
town. The job was your typical 9 to 5 and as there was hardly anything to do I
mostly sat in my apartment being bored as hell. At least during my college days
I could have gone to a bar or something, but here the bars were mostly aimed at
the people my parents age.

One evening I was browsing the internet when I saw an add for a modeling
agency, they were looking for new models and I thought what the heck. I browsed
through my photos and responded to the add. To my utter surprise I was called
to make an appointment for a test shoot. They wanted to see who I was and how I
would respond to instructions during a shoot. I had no idea how anything worked
so I just followed them and did what they asked off me.

Right after I was asked to meet the owner of the company and I was surprised to
see she was about my age. "Hi, I'm Marisha," she said, "sit down. Sit down. Can
I get you anything?"

"I'm fine," I responded.

"Well, I've looked at the photos of today and although you still have a lot to
learn, I'm impressed. It's not often when you meet someone who _talks_ to the
camera as we say. Ever heard the term _the camera loves you_, well that's true
in your case."

"What?! No, that can't be true. I mostly did this as a joke, but are you
serious?"

"Oh yes, but if this is just a joke we might reconsider."

"That's not what I meant, I'm sorry. It's just that I was bored and I thought
if it doesn't work out, I would have had something to do. But if you are
serious about this than so am I."

Marisha chuckled "I thought that was what you meant. Well, to start we need to
create a portfolio. We can help you with that, it's not free though. A
photographer is expensive, but we can work something out with the payments you
will get so you don't have to cough up 1,500 dollars at once."

"That would be nice, I don't have that kind of money."

"Okay then. Now I have to ask you this. Would you like to join us?"

"Yes, but as it is just a hobby for now I will have to check with my employer
if this is okay."

"Understandable, it says here you work for the state?"

"Yes, Fish And Wildlife. I'm sure it will be okay."

A week later, on a Saturday, I arrived at the studio of a photographer. It was
located in the middle of a commercial area just outside of Monroe. If I
wouldn't have gotten instructions I would never have found it. I rang the
doorbell and a voice through the intercom said "Hello". "Yes, hi. I'm Laura and
I have an --" Before I could finish a buzzer indicated the door was open and I
went inside. It was a small hallway and there was only a stair leading up to
the second floor. A voice shouted "Come up, come up. I will be right there."

I slowly walked up the steep stairs and ended up in something that more or less
resembled a living room. To my left were two doors and one of them had a red
light above it that was on. I walked around a little looking at the photos on
the wall, they were all beautiful portraits of young and old people, mostly
from the tribe.

The light above the door went off and the door opened. A beautiful native girl
stepped out and said "Ah, you must be Laura. Welcome, welcome. Sorry I was
developing film and it's a delicate procedure. You're a bit early, but that's
okay. Want a coffee? Mugs are in the cupboard and the pot is over there. I
really need to finish this, hope you don't mind. Make yourself at home."

With that she disappeared into the second door. It was almost 10 minutes later
she came out again. "Now I'm done. Sorry about this, planning has never been my
strong suit. Now let's talk about what you need for a portfolio. I've asked one
of my friends to come by, she is the best with makeup. She's told me she would
bring someone with clothes we can use, so we are going to have some fun today.
My idea was to first do some shots in the studio and then maybe go outside.
It's a wonderful day and the light is just perfect late in the afternoon. What
do you say?"

"I have no idea what it takes so I will just follow your lead, I guess."

"Wonderful, wonderful. Did you have coffee already? No? Why not? Don't tell me
you don't like coffee? I do, a lot. People say I get a little busy when I had
enough, but I don't agree with them. One day I had almost 2 pots of coffee and
even my mother got tired of me, can you believe that? Now, back to.." she
rattled on for another five minutes until the doorbell rang again "Ah that must
be them."

A red haired girl walked up the stairs carrying a beauty case, followed my
another girl carrying bags of what seemed to be clothes. "Raven," the red head
girl said, "have you been drinking too much coffee again? See gets a little
agitated when she does that, so sorry. I'm Etta and this is Jennifer, so
pleased to meet you."

"Laura," I replied, "I'm Laura."

"That's what I forgot! I thought all this time I had forgotten something but I
never introduced myself. I am so sorry, I'm Raven Proudfoot, pleased to meet
you. Don't make fun of my name, my father is the Chief and he will slap you
right on the shoulder when you do that. He's a mighty warrior."

I chuckled and somehow started to like Raven, she was so herself and didn't
seem to mind what other people thought of her.

Etta said "Just let her be for a moment, it will wear off soon enough. No more
coffee for you Raven, you've had enough." Raven prowled and sat down on a
chair. "Not fair", she said as she sat down. We made further plans for the rest
of the day and before I knew it Etta was doing my makeup and Jennifer was busy
selecting clothes.

"Oh, we need a bikini shot too," Raven shouted, "They love those in a
portfolio."

"Bikini?" I questioned her, "Me in a bikini?"

"Yeah," Raven said, "Don't you ever wear a bikini? How do you go to the beach?
Naked?" I chuckled and said "No, in a bikini. Okay, you've proven your point."

An hour later Raven was taking the first photos of me wearing a nice suit and
she was able to make all of it fun. We had such a good time, then I changed
into something else and we did another round of shoots. From that moment I
understood what made Raven so good, she was disarming and after just a short
while I didn't feel awkward anymore, I just had fun with it. Even the shoot we
did with me wearing a bikini didn't feel strange to me.

After we were done in the studio we sat down, Raven ordered some food and we
just sat there chatting. "Raven," I said at one point, "be honest with me. What
did you think? I know I've got a lot to learn and I would like your honest
opinion."

Raven thought for a moment and said "Look at that picture behind you. The one
of the old woman. She was my grandmother, look how here eyes capture you. It's
like she's not looking at the camera, but at you. Now look at all the others,
they don't have that. At least not as much as my grandmother did." Raven turned
to me and said "You have that too. It's something special, something that can't
be taught. You either have it or you don't. Yes, you still have the rough edges
but that's what will go away in time, all you have to do is keep that look.
Don't see a camera when you're working, see the people behind it. The ones who
will be looking at the photo. If you do that? Who knows where this will end."

I felt myself blush and Etta said "I saw that too. Just the way you were in
front of that camera, like you've done this for years. It was so nice to see."

"And you're so easy to dress," Jennifer continued, "You look good in anything.
I mean it, it's they way you posture yourself or something."

"Thanks for all the compliments," I responded, "But I was looking for some
critiques."

"Oh I gave you critiques while we were shooting," Raven said, "You listened and
did what I asked and then you didn't do it again. I wish all my models where
like that."

"Another compliment," I replied, "Thanks though, this has been fun."

An hour later we went outside to find a nice spot for some more photos. We
found an abandoned warehouse that was ideal according to Raven. We took some
more photos and then it was time for me to go. "I will work on them for about a
week," Raven said, "and send them to Marisha. She will contact you further, it
was so nice working with you Laura, it has been so much fun." I thanked them 
all and went back home.

It took a while for Marisha to call me. "Well, someone has impressed Raven
Proudfoot, that's not an easy feat. I'm impressed."

"Thanks," I said, "So the portfolio is okay, can I see it?"

"Sure you can and sorry I didn't call you back sooner, but all our clients
wanted information about you and I've been a little busy. Are you doing
anything today?"

"I am at work actually. Why?"

"Well, just get up and quit. You won't have time for that in the near future."

"What?!"

"Yes, I haven't got just one or two jobs, but multiple lined up. It looks like
you will be busy for the next few months."

And so my modeling career started, mostly with photos for some obscure catalogs
or websites. But they all payed the bills and it was nice to not have to go to
a boring job every single day. I appeared in catalogs for mail-order companies,
you know the girls showing off the fashion, always laughing, hair blowing in the
wind? Yeah, I was one of those girls.

Then out of the blue Marisha called me one evening. Before I even answered the
phone she shouted "You won't believe it. You simply wont. _Girls_ magazine
wants you for one of their specials. They were looking for a new face and they
chose you! It's the Christmas fashion edition!"

"What?! I read that when I was 16 and now I'm going to be in it?"

"Yes! You are going the pretend it's Christmas in the middle of August, isn't
that fun?"

Then she told me what they were offering and I just couldn't believe it. Right
after that call I told my mother and she couldn't believe it either. "How
much?" she asked. "15,000 mom, 15,000 dollars. I can pay off my school with
that kind of money." I almost yelled through the phone, "And if they like it I
could get more assignments for them."

The first shoot was just so much fun and they really seemed to like what I did,
but it would be months before the issue would be published so we just had to
wait what the response of the audience would think. The people from _Girls_
sure seemed to like what they saw.

The mere fact that I had done a shoot for _Girls_ led to more shoots that led
to even more shoots. The high point was a photo of me for some add on buses and
it was so strange to see my own face on them. During that time people
recognized me, mostly like 'Don't I know you from something?'.

Three weeks before Christmas the _Girls_ special edition was published and they
flew off the shelves. Readers started writing in to ask who I was, how old I
was and those kinds of questions. I sat down with one of their journalists and
we had a short interview about my childhood, where I went to school and who my
favorite artists were. You know, all the questions a 16 year old girl thinks
are important to know. That article appeared in the regular issue just a week
later and again they flew off the shelves.

After those results they offered me to be the next face of _Girls_, that meant
I would exclusively work for them. Go to conferences, open stores and even
appear on local television once in a while. I made some really good money
during that time and was really proud of my accomplishments. I had payed off my
student loan and was financially independent. Mostly thanks to Marisha who had
made some very good deals for me.

But as with everything it all came to an end and I moved on to other projects,
more mature projects. I did some shoots for other magazines and even did a
commercial or two.

During that period I also met my now husband. We met by accident while I was
staying at a hotel for a shoot. He was sitting at the bar and the only spot
available to order was right next to him. He looked at me and said "I've
practiced all kinds of lines and now that I need them I can't think of any."

I burst into laughter and asked him if he had thought long and hard on that
one. "Hm," he said, "yes, I spend quite some time on that one. Did it work?"

"You got me laughing, didn't you?"

"So it seems. Travis is the name, and you are?"

"Laura, Laura Davis."

"What makes you come here to this godforsaken place in the middle of nowhere."

"Oh, a photo shoot. I'm a model."

"Sure you are. For real though, this town is so boring."

"I'm not kidding you. I am a model, got a shoot tomorrow. Don't believe me?
Does that phone of yours have internet?"

"Yes."

"Then look me up. Laura Davis," and I spelled my last name.

"My word. That's you? You were the face of _Girls_? My sister loved that rag."

"I did too," I replied, "But that's all over now. I'm doing a shoot for some
fashion site tomorrow. They wanted a _big_ face and apparently that's me."

"Wow, a real life model. Can't believe it. And here I am, a simple lawyer who's
in town for a simple murder case."

"Wait?! You are the one who's representing Anika? The girl who shot her
rapist?"

"Yes, and I can't talk about the case." Travis said resolute.

"Okay, then I won't. It was nice meeting you, Travis. I have to go back to the
group, they must ask where I am by now. See you around, maybe."

The next day I found a note on the floor, clearly pushed under the door. I
opened it and it read "I didn't know which room so I asked the bellboy to
deliver this for me. I'm in room 392 and I would love to ask you for dinner
tomorrow, or tonight, whenever you read this. My phone-number is 555-323-2233.
Travis."

Before I left for the shoot I shoved the same note under his door, over the
text I had written "Yes, pick me up at 8. Room 124." The rest is history as
they say, we started dating and a year later we were married. He proposed in
the cutest way. I was sent to another shoot where I would work with a new guy
and nobody seemed to know who he was. Everything went as I was used to, makeup,
hair, being dressed and as I stood waiting on set for the person to come out I
clasped my mouth as Travis, appeared dressed in a very nice suit. The
photographer started shooting as Travis went down on one knee. I screamed yes
when he was finished and jumped in his arms.

A week later there was a special article in _Girls_ about the proposal, _Laura
is getting married_ the headline was. It was so nice to see their audience
still cared about me, even though I had moved on.

By winning his case Travis had made a name for himself too, he had won an
almost unwinnable case as there was no evidence for the man wanting to rape her
besides her word. On the last day of his time to make the case another woman
stepped forward. She told the court that she actually was raped by that man and
she had the photos to proof it. Photos of how she looked right after the
attack. When she was asked by the prosecution why she never had told anyone,
she replied "To whom? The police? He was a police officer. He was the one I
should have talked to." When the case was over more women stepped forward, in
total there were 19 who told their story. The jury didn't have to think long
and Anika was acquitted, not guilty on all charges.

Right before our wedding I was asked to do a bikini shoot for the annual bikini
edition of a sports magazine. That led to more bikini shoots which made it
possible for us to travel the world together. We went to Jamaica, Barbados,
other places in the Caribbean and the best one was a shoot for a Japanese
magazine in Tokyo.

There I was, the girl who just dreamed of Fort Dix, traveling the world. My
mother had a hard time at first seeing me in magazines like that, but she grew
accustomed and when she got to hear all those complements she completely turned
around. She was so happy to see her only child so successful.

We were sitting in the bar of some hotel in Toronto when it all changed for me.
Travis was off to the bathroom and I sat alone for a while. A man approached me
and we started to talk. Clearly he had recognized me and I never wanted to
disappoint a possible fan. We had talked for quite some time when I started to
wonder where Travis was. He had been gone for a while by then. "Is there
something wrong?" the man asked.

"Just looking for my husband, he just went to the bathroom. He should have been
back by now." I replied.

"Husband? But I don't see a wedding ring."

"Oh, I had to take it off for the shoot I did today. I didn't have time to put
it back on, thanks for reminding me." I dug into my purse and got it out.
"There it is," I said with a smile as I put it back where it belonged.

The man looked a little disappointed and I said "Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you
knew." I placed my hand on his shoulder to comfort him a little. He finished
his drink and said "Yeah, that's what you get when you wait to long. All the
pretty girls are gone. Well, it was nice talking to you."

"Yes it was," I replied, "And I am truly sorry. I really thought you knew, it
was in all the gossip magazines."

"And you think I read those," he chuckled, "Another blow to my ego. Thanks."

I laughed and said "I am so sorry. I really didn't mean it that way."

"I know," he replied, "Wow, is it that late already? I need to get some sleep,
early flight tomorrow. Thanks for the wonderful time, I had fun."

I watched him walk off and chuckled. I really hadn't meant to lead him on, I
thought. Suddenly I felt an arm around my waist and quickly turned around. It
was Travis, he sat down next to me with a big smile on his face. "Who was
that?" he asked.

"Oh wow, I never asked his name. He just recognized me and we had a nice talk
while you were gone. About that. Where were you?"

"Sitting right over there," and he pointed to the other side of the bar.

"Really? I looked and I didn't see you."

"Oh, I ducked behind someone. When they asked what I was doing I said that I
was surprising you, that you didn't know I was here. Don't know if they really
believed me though."

I burst into laughter "And you are a lawyer? I hope you are a better liar in
court."

"Oh but I never lie in court. I twist the truth a little, but never lie. That
would be unethical. Now back to him. Where you flirting with him? Maybe even a
little?"

"No," I replied, "Whatever gave you that idea?"

"You flicking you hair. Tilting your head a little. Laughing at his jokes and
than touching his arm. You know all the things you did with me once."

"Did I really do that?"

"Oh it's so wonderful to see that you don't even know that you are doing it.
Why do you think men talk to you? Your intelligence, you're a model for
Christs' sake. An airhead."

I slapped his arm and said "An airhead with a business degree from college,
thank you very much."

"No but really. Did you like flirting with him? I looked like you did."

"I didn't even know I was. He did seem disappointed when I put my ring back on
though."

"And that's another thing. I know you have to take it off for shoots and I
understand that. But why does it take you so long to put it back on? Mind you,
I really don't care if you wear it or not, I'm just curious."

"I don't know, I was never a ring type of girl. I only had one small one that
my grandma gave me when I turned 16. I took that one off when I got this one. I
just don't think about it, I guess."

"Or is it that you like the attention you get when you're not wearing it?"

"No, at least I don't think so. I'm a married woman now and I married to you.
Getting attention is the last thing I'm looking for."

"Really? Is that why you arc your back just a little more when we pass a group
of men? Or put a little extra bounce in your step?"

"I do that? Really?"

"As I said, you don't even know that you are doing it. Adorable."

"Really? Thanks for telling me, now I can stop doing that."

"Oh no, please don't. I like watching them look at you. It makes me proud. It
makes me thing 'You can look, but she's coming home with me'. Kind of shallow,
I know, but it's the truth."

I laughed and said "Kind of shallow? Am I just arm candy to you?"

"And so much more, being arm candy is just a bonus."

"Good safe," I replied with a chuckle.

In the weeks after I started to notice myself that I was doing all the things
Travis had told me about. I also remembered him saying that he didn't want me
to stop doing it, so I didn't. Slowly it turned into somewhat of a game between
Travis and me. At one point when we were in a city we hadn't been before he
walked almost a 100 feet behind me, I wore a tight dress and a pair of heels.
He just wanted to watch me walk alone for a while he said.

We passed a group of construction workers on their break and I thought I would
show him what he was expecting. I arced my back and added a little bounce to
my step. As I wasn't wearing a bra my boobs swayed a little more than they
would normally do. The workers whistled at me and I kept walking adding a
little more sway to my hips. That will show you, I thought, but secretly I
liked it too. Not that I would ever tell Travis that.

Just short of getting back to my hotel Travis caught up with me and said "That
was brilliant. How you handled those construction guys, the just kept looking
at you until you went around the corner. I loved it."

That wasn't quite the reaction I had expected, but it had to do. The next day
however Travis had to work and I wanted to shop, like I did in every city we
visited. As I walked to the mall just around the corner I passed a group of men
again and I realized I was adding that bounce again. I just kept on walking and
smiled secretly when I noticed them looking at me. In one of the stores they
had a sale and I bought some clothes, accessories and a new pair of heels.

I sat down in the food court for a small salad and something to drink. Before I
continued I went into the ladies room and felt an urge I couldn't really
explain. I undressed, took off my bra and put on one of the new dresses I had
bought earlier. It was really tight and I completed the look with my new pair
of heels. After putting all my clothes back in the bags, I stepped outside,
retouched my makeup and continued shopping.

Whenever I passed some men I made my boobs bounce, I really started to enjoy it
too. Way more than I would have admitted at the time. On my way back to the
hotel I just kept up that extra bounce in my step and acted like it was normal
for me to do so. When I got back Travis had to work for a while longer and I
said he could find me in the bar. He told me he would be there in an hour, so
we could go to dinner.

As I stood in the elevator I looked at my hand, took of my ring an put it in
the purse. I wanted to see whether it really made a difference if I didn't wear
it. A few minutes later I sat down at the bar and ordered a white wine. It
didn't take long for a man to approach me and we talked for a while until his
wife took him away, giving me the stank eye. "Hold on lady," I thought, "He
came to me, I was just sitting here."

A very handsome man was staring at me all this time, not continually, but with
those glances every now and then. I straightened my back and just acted like I
hadn't noticed. I placed my right hand on the bar so he could see that I wasn't
wearing a ring. He got up and walked over to me.

"Hi, I'm Jeremy, you are Laura. Aren't you?"

"Yes, I am. Pleased to meet you Jeremy."

"Want another wine?"

"Why not? You only life once, they say."

"That they do. So why are you here? Photo shoot?" I couldn't tell him the real
reason we were there, that would mean I had to tell him about Travis and I
wanted to see how far he was willing to go with this or even worse how far I
wanted to let this go.

"Yes, had one today. Can't tell you about it though, it's a secret."

"Ah, my lips are sealed. When will it be published?"

"You never know with these people. I've done shoots that never came out. I
don't really care though, they still payed me."

"Ah, I have no clue about that world. I'm in construction, houses mostly."

"Important work. Where would we live without houses?"

We talked for a while longer before from the corner of my eyes I saw Travis
walk in. He saw me talk to this man and he sat down at a table on his own. I
turned my attention back to Jeremy, laughed at his jokes, touched his arm and
flicked my hair. It was when he placed his hand on my leg when I felt a shiver
run down my spine, not from disgust or anything. No, I liked it. He had his
hand on my thigh and softly rubbed it. I quickly excused myself and rushed to
the ladies room.

I looked at myself in the mirror and said "What are you doing? This is so
wrong and you are leading him on. You have to stop this." I washed my face a
little and looked at myself some more. I returned to the bar a few minutes
later and Jeremy was waiting for me. "I am so sorry," I said, "I just got a
call from my manager. I need to talk to her. It was so nice meeting you and I
really am sorry."

Back in the hotel room I sat down on the bed. Totally confused about my
feelings, I wanted him to touch me but I also felt so guilty knowing Travis was
sitting just a few feet away. I took the ring from my purse and swore never to
take it off again, at least not when I wasn't working. I would put it back
where it belonged right after I finished working. At that moment I felt closer
to crying than laughing.

Just a few minutes later Travis walked in and said "What's wrong? I thought we
were getting dinner."

"I'm not hungry anymore," I replied.

"What happened?"

"Well," I said with tears in my eyes, "You were still working and I was bored.
That's why I went to the bar. In the elevator I thought about what you had
told me and I thought I would test it. So I took off my ring and went to the
bar. I put it back on, see?"

"Yes, I noticed. But what happened. I was just about to come and safe you. But
you ran off."

"Yeah, when he put his hand on my thigh I felt something I shouldn't. I felt so
guilty towards you, towards Jeremy. I just had to get out of there."

"Okay. So what did you feel?"

"It felt good. He rubbed my thigh softly and I wanted him to continue. It went
way farther than I had expected and wanted to. That's why I had to get out of
there."

"Did you think he was handsome?"

"Very."

"Were you attracted to him? I mean -- sexually."

"I'm not a witness here. Don't interrogate me."

"Then answer the question. Were you attracted to him?"

I lowered my head and whispered "I guess." I looked up at Travis and
immediately followed it with "But I would never cheat on you. Never. I love you
and only you."

"I know," Travis replied, "and I never doubted that. Not for a second. But
maybe that's something we could explore a little more. You seemed to enjoy
yourself and I had fun watching you. So if we just keep it at that, what's the
harm?"

I was quiet for a moment and said "Shall we order room service? I'm getting a
little hungry."

Travis started laughing and said "That's my girl! Whenever she's over something
she's hungry. I love it. Sure, let's order room service."

The next day Travis had to work all day and I was a little scared to bump into
Jeremy again, but I never saw him again. I spent the day talking to Marisha
planning new dates for shoots and it was so nice talking to her. We had become
friends next to boss and employee. We both understood the differences and
during the first hour she was my boss.

"So what happened?" Marisha asked when I told her about going to the bar. I
told her everything and when I was done she said "Okay, want my advise? If not,
you're getting it anyway. If you like doing it and Travis doesn't care, or even
better enjoys it, what's the harm?"

"I don't like leading them on like that. I really don't."

"Then don't take off your ring. That way you aren't leading them on, you're
honest from the get go. It's not your problem that they didn't notice it. Or do
you really want it to go a little further than that?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well, I know some couples who have _opened_ their relationship. They make room
for, let's say, others not in the relationship."

"What?! Really? People do that?"

"Come on, never heard of swingers before. There are ever parties for that kind
of thing. Like, collecting all the car keys in a bowl and the women take one
each. The person who goes with that key is the one they spend some _quality
time_ with."

"Really? Car keys? What if you have the same keys as any of the others? Or you
grab your own keys?"

"Well, I meant it metaphorically. I have no clue how those parties are run, but
I do know swingers exist. Like I said I know some of them."

"Wow, I knew about open relationships, but swingers? No. I just thought people
who did that were _close_ with people they knew or something. I always wondered
how that would go, I mean one moment you're talking to a friend and the next
your in bed together? Or maybe someone from the office? The tension it would
give when you see each other again after."

"That's why some people go to special clubs. So all the people have the same
ideas and it isn't that you have to tell anyone. You could do it in secret, or
at least that's what someone told me."

"Marisha? Are you and Matt swingers? You seem to know a lot about this."

"No," she said just a little to quick, "Well, we've talked about it. But I just
can't get myself to actually do it. Even fantasizing about someone makes me
feel guilty. I could never do that and I would feel so uncomfortable knowing
that all those people I saw there were there to have sex. No thank you."

"And Matt?"

"He feels the same way. He feels he could get very jealous and that's not a
good thing. But we've talked about it at least and we know now that it isn't
something we would want to do."

"Thanks Marisha, you're a good friend and I love you."

"I love you too. When will you be back?"

"The day after tomorrow. We can get coffee then. Okay. Bye now."

As always I needed Marisha to align my thoughts and both she and Travis were
right. As long as it just kept to flirting a little, what was the harm?

## Chapter Two
"So good to see you," the man walking up to me said, "It is so nice of you to
agree to this meeting. Come, come, let's go to my office and talk." He was
wearing a very expensive suit and led me to his office I sat down on the couch
in the corner and he sat in a chair to the left of me.

Marisha had arranged this meeting and all I knew he was a potential client who
wanted to meet with me before they decided they wanted to work with me. Nothing
really out of the ordinary but for the amount of money they offered. As always
I did what Marisha asked me to do and that was the main reason I was there.

"My name is Garrett and we are the publishers of six magazines aimed at men and
three aimed at women. We specialize in the _glamour_ side of things and offer a
little more than other magazines do."

"Okay. And what has that got to do with me?"

"Well, We've been following you for a while now and we noticed that the only
thing you do nowadays is fashion shoots for the big retailers. We were thinking
that you might want to _expand_ your horizons a little. Maybe even work for us
someday."

"Someday? I thought I was here for a deal."

"That could be the case. But we've learned that some need a little more time
and we never want to put any pressure on anyone. This has to be voluntary and
please feel free to walk out at any time. I will not be offended."

"That's nice to hear. But what are we talking about?"

"Well, ever heard of _FMM_?"

"Yes, always wondered what it stood for? FMM I mean."

"Fad Monthly Magazine, it was just a joke when we started it. But it caught on
and we kept it."

"Ah, thanks. What about FMM?"

"As you know we publish some nice photos in our magazines. Women who show a
little more -- skin, so to say."

"You are being very careful not to say what you really want to say."

"I know. Something I learned over the years too."

"So you want me to pose nude?"

"Crudely said, but yes. Classy photos! Absolutely no genitals. We're not that
kind of company."

"Ah, thanks for clarifying. But for now I have to say no. If I do that I am
sure some of my regular clients will never want me to work for them again and
I'm a loyal person."

"Okay, well at least we tried. If you ever change your mind, we're open for
negotiations."

"Don't hold your breath," I replied, "No offense, but this just isn't for me."

"No offense taken. It was nice to meet you and I do hope to hear from you again
some day."

As soon as I got in my car I called Marisha. "Where did you send me? FMM?
Really? Who do you think I am? Did you really think I would do anything for
money?"

"Sorry, I just thought you might want to think about it. You're getting a
little to old for the things you are doing now and they really offer a great
deal. I thought you might at least think about it."

"Really? I thought you would know me better by now. Just out of curiosity, how
much did they offer?" When Marisha told me I blurted out "How much?!" I
apologized for being so angry and just before I hung up I said "I will talk to
Travis about this. See what he thinks. But it still will be my decision and
mine alone."

All the way home I was in doubt on what to do. On the one hand Marisha was
right I was getting older and I didn't want to end up one of those elderly
women you saw in advertisements or catalogs. I liked the freedom modeling gave
me a little too much for that and if I kept on going like this I would need to
start working for real as I didn't want to depend on Travis for anything else
but being my husband. On the other hand it would mean talking to my parents and
telling them before I even did anything. I had never lied to them in my life,
other than the white lies every kid makes. Besides that I was worried what
other people might think of me, I mean me? A centerfold?

When I arrived home Travis was still at work and I sat down on the couch,
trying to clear my thoughts and getting them in order. This time I couldn't
rely on Marisha as I already knew what she would say. She had made that clear
in our phone call earlier that day.

When Travis came home I was still sitting on the couch. He asked me what was
going on and I told him about the meeting. "FMM? Really?" he said with a slight
smile on his face, "My wife in FMM? That would be the day." I slapped his arm
and looked angrily at him. "I mean," he said, "I know you would never do that,
hence that would be the day."

"Nice safe," I said, "The thing is I talked to Marisha and she's right. I'm
getting older and all I do know are the same shoots every time. Just different
clothes. The excitement is gone, the thrill. It's just work now. And I could
never do that to my parents. I mean, their daughter in a nude magazine? And
what would people thing of me?"


"First of all, who cares what other people think? If you try to please
everyone, you won't get anything done. There's always someone with an opinion.
All you should care about is what the people close to you think. I mean I don't
care what people think when I take a case. But when I'm sure it would mean you
getting angry at me, I refuse to take it. That's why I never defended a rapist
or a child-molester. Not that I condone such a thing, my job is to see to it
they get a fair trial and a fair sentence. But again, I don't do them because
of you. I care about what you might think of me when I would do such a case."

"I think I know where you are going with this."

"Do you? Okay, let me just say it then. I would have no problems with it, none
whatsoever. If they would ask me about it in court, I would say that it's your
job, not mine and it would have no relevance to the case I'm working on. Again
who cares what people think. Then there is your parents. It might not be easy
for them, but I'm sure that when you tell them before you do it, they would
appreciate you being honest. I know them well enough by now to make that
claim."

"You might be right, doesn't make it easier though."

"I understand. But just know that I will support any choice you make."

"Thanks, I will have to think hard on this one. Really hard."

"And that's a good thing. As long as I've known you you've never jumped into
anything. Maybe that's something you might want to change. You never know until
you try it, they say."

The next I day I got in my car and drove to my parents. The four hour drive
would give me the alone time I needed to think, still I arrived way to soon for
everything to become clear to me. I still had my doubts and needed to talk to
someone outside my small circle of friends and parents are always good for such
I thing, I thought.

I sat down on their couch and said "Mom, Dad, I need to talk. I'm so confused
and really do not know what to do."

"Is everything okay with you and Travis? Are you having doubts?"

"No mom," I smiled, "nothing like that. We love each other so much, that's not
the issue at all."

"Good," she said, "You got me a little worried there. I had my doubts at first
be he proved himself to be a good husband and I can see how much you love him."

"Let her talk," my father grumbled.

"Okay, here it is. I had a meeting the other day with a potential client for
some photo shoots. And -- I don't really know whether I should do it. They
offer a great deal, really great. I mean working with them for a couple of
years would mean I would never have to work again, that kind of deal."

"Wow, that's big money," my father blurted out.

"So what's the problem?" my mother asked.

"Well, it would mean I would have to show a little more of myself."

"I don't understand."

"She would be topless," my father replied. Blunt and straight to the point as
always.

"What?! Really?" my mother responded, "So are you doing it or thinking about
it?"

"I don't know, both maybe."

"Okay," my mother leaned backwards against her chair, "You are telling me that
_my daughter_ would appear in one of those dirty magazines?"

I felt like a little girl again, just by the tone of her voice. No matter how
old I got I was still their little girl. I really didn't know what to say, at
least I knew how she felt about it. As always my father came to the rescue.

"No dear," he said, "These are magazines for men. Good articles about topics
men like to read about and there are also beautiful girls in it. They are nice
pictures, nothing dirty."

"How do you know that?" my mother asked in the same tone, "Do you read those?"

My father clearly felt a little uncomfortable and said "Look I'm a construction
worker. What do you think those men hang on the walls? A nice landscape? No, a
beautiful girl. And yes, they do bring those around sometimes and I've glanced
through them once or twice. Sue me for being a man."

I chuckled as this was another of their famous bickering, all through it you
could still feel how much they loved each other. My mother huffed and said
"Well, my daughter is NOT ending up that wall."

"And I don't want her their, I'm still the boss and I decide what's on that
wall. On the other hand --"

"There is no other hand," my mother interrupted, "What would the neighbors
think? Or the people I meet in the stores? No, I couldn't live with that. The
shame."

"Mom," I finally said, "Times have changed. It isn't the 1950s anymore. Women
are strong, have their own lives. Yes I'm married to Travis, but I'm not his
property and he wouldn't want me to. And it's like he said, who cares what
people think? It's the ones close you have to worry about. Those opinions
matter, not what some woman in a store thinks or even worse some random person
on the internet. If I had worried about that I would never have continued doing
bikini shoots."

My mother softened a little and said "You might be right about that. It's just
the idea. My baby in a nude magazine?"

"I know mom, that's why I came here before I made a decision. I didn't want to
do this without telling you first. Not that I've decided one way or the other,
I just wanted to talk to you about it."

"I appreciate that," my mother said, "You've always been honest to us, except
for that one time you skipped school. I will never forget that."

"I know mom. From the moment I told you that lie, I knew."

"Good. It was a good lesson for you. Oh Laura, I love you so much. Do you
really want to do this?"

"I don't know mom, I really don't. If you tell me not to, I won't"

"We can't tell you that," my father said, "You're a grown woman now, married
and all. All I can say is I will support any decision you make and it's time
your mother does so too. She's not our little baby anymore, Cynthia, she's an
adult now. But she will always need our support, our love no matter what."

My mother stared at my father before she turned to me and said "I hate it when
your father makes sense. I really do. There's only one thing I hate more than
that. When he's right. Oh God, do I hate him being right."

I chuckled because I knew that wasn't true. She proved it once more by the look
on her face when she looked at my father again, these two were just made for
each other. At times like these they always proved that to me. My mother turned
to me, took my hand and said with a sigh "I will support you and I will always
be here for you. Even when I go, I will always be near you. You were our little
gift, our special baby. We tried for so long and when I finally heard I was
pregnant it was like God had blessed me. That's why I am always so protective
of you and I always will be. But it's time for me to let go a little. So do
whatever it is you think is right, you will have my support and unconditional
love, always."

"Thanks mom, I needed to hear that. I always knew, but you never said it in
these many words. Thank you. And thank you dad. I love you both so much, you
are the best parents anyone could have. I really mean that."

"We know sugar," my father said, "We know."

On the drive back I felt more sure about myself, all I had to do was decide
whether I wanted to do it or not. It would mean work would get a little more
exciting again, a little different from what I was used to by now. Still I
wasn't quite there yet, I needed more time and despite what Travis had said
about jumping into things, this just was too big a leap for me.

## Chapter Three
"Come on, you cheated!" Matt shouted as I showed them the cards, "No one can be
this lucky!"

I just smiled and raised my shoulders. I couldn't help it, I just got really
lucky with the river. I scooped all the chips on the table to me and started
stacking. "I told you," Travis said, "She's really good at this."

"I will never play poker with her again," Matt chuckled, "Who's dealing?"

We were sitting at their table for a fun night of games. Matt had introduced
the idea a couple of weeks earlier and this was the second time we played. It
was so nice to see Marisha outside of work and I loved playing games. Maybe it
was because I was an only child that I liked it so much, we hardly ever played
games at home as my parents had to work hard to provide me with anything I
needed growing up.

"We could do Charades," Marisha suggested, "Maybe Travis and I against the
two of you. Just to make sure we can't make suggestions the other will
understand."

"Great idea," I said, "I would love to something a little more active than
sitting at a table."

Marisha got the game as Matt poured us another round of drinks. We had said we
would stay over so it was fine to drink a little more than we usually did. Plus
they had a guesthouse on the other side of their garden. So it wasn't like we
would be sleeping in the same house.

The game went head to head and it came down to the final two. Marisha couldn't
guess what Travis was doing and I shouted "Titanic!" when the time was up. All
Matt had to do was guess what I was doing and we would win this game. I drew a
card from the pile: Twelve angry men. Travis' favorite movie. "Darn it", I
thought. I started by gesturing it was a movie and then I started. I acted out
the title as best I could and noticed Travis smiling. I knew he had it and Matt
now really had to guess it. Time was running out.

I gestured numbers. "One" Matt shouted. I told him higher and when he finally
got it, I pointed at him and Travis. "Twelve men --- o --- o --- Twelve Angry
Men!"

I jumped for joy, Matt jumped up too and hugged me. We danced around the room
like that and when we stopped we looked at each other. I felt that same thrill
down my spine as I felt in that bar when Jeremy touched me. I let go of Matt
quickly and felt my face had turned red. I took a big gulp of my wine and sat
down next to Travis, who looked at me as if he was telling me he had noticed.

"I've played enough games for one day," Marisha said, "Let's just sit outside,
it's such a nice night." Matt turned on the stereo and music filled the room,
he had made sure it wasn't too loud.

Just before we went outside Marisha took me to the side and said "Laura, I have
to be honest. Matt and I have talked some more and we've decided to open our
marriage. I've even done it. I slept with another man."

"Really? How was it?"

"So good," she said with a groan, "So good. It was so exciting, like being on a
date with someone again."

"How did you meet? Or did you go to one of those clubs?"

"No, not at all. There's this website for people like us. You get to know each
other online a bit more and before I knew it I was going on a date. We ended up
in bed and I felt like a new woman. I really did and the best thing was while I
was telling Matt all about it, he go really excited. We hadn't had sex like
that in ages, he was a beast."

"Wow, and did Matt --"

"No, not yet. But I think he might want to, soon. Real soon."

"What do you mean?"

"I saw the look you two gave each other just now. And I'm just telling you that
I'm okay with it. Whatever happens, happens. I just want Matt to be happy."

"Oh, I would never --"

"That's what I thought too and still I did it. And I couldn't be happier now,
this has brought Matt and I closer together than ever. It might sound strange,
but he trusts me to return to his bed. And I always will. There is just one man
I make love to, that's Matt. What I did that night was just sex. I never knew
there was a difference, but there is. Matt gives me affection, love,
unconditional love. No one but him gives that to me, the rest is just sex."

"I think I understand. But still, I would not --" At that moment Travis walked
in asking us where we were. "Oh just girl talk," I said with a smile, "I know
how you hate to hear girl talk, so we did that here."

"Thanks for that," Travis said, "But we are feeling lonely."

We went outside and before I could do anything Marisha sat down on the couch
next to Travis and started talking with him. I sat down next to Matt, feeling a
little uncomfortable. "Have you decided on the _special_ client yet?" Matt
asked. I shouldn't have been surprised by the fact he knew, Marisha told him
everything. Well almost everything.

"No, not really," I said, "It's such a big step to take. I mean, me in a
magazine like that?"

"Why not? You are a beautiful woman. Travis is really lucky." he said, quickly
adding "And so is Marisha, that's why I married her." Marisha had heard what he
said and thrown a death stare at him. I chuckled.

"I just don't know, I never thought of myself that way. I mean if you look at
those girls, they must have known they are pretty. I just don't see myself that
way."

"Did you really think you could be doing what you are doing, for the amount of
money you are getting because you are ugly?"

"No, not like that --"

"And maybe some of them are little bimbo's, there are always a few. But I
really think most of them are just like you. Sweet, caring women who don't see
themselves as centerfolds. And let me tell you a secret. Most men love women
like that, the girl next door. Strong, independent women. Look at me, I chose a
boss to become my wife. Do you really think I have anything to say in this
house?" I chuckled and just kept quiet.

"Look, it's ultimate your decision to make," he said, "Just know that the
people who love you, the people who know you, maybe even better than you know
yourself, we all support you."

"Thanks, I really don't know what to say."

"You just said it," Matt smiled and I felt like hugging him. That feeling was
so strong that I looked over to Marisha who slightly nodded. Travis and Marisha
had listened in on our conversation and I turned to Matt. I looked at him and
hugged him. The moment he put his arms around me I felt that shiver down my
spine again. Before I realized we kissed.

"Finally", I heard Travis say, "We had a bet going on if it would happen
tonight. I won."

"Darn you Travis Willingham," Marisha bit.

I chuckled softly and turned my head towards Matt, I leaned over and we kissed
again. Softly, gently at first, more passionate after. His hands went all over
my body and I felt all kinds of sensations going through me. I couldn't believe
what was happening, I was kissing Matt in front of his wife and my husband. But
I didn't want it to stop either. I pressed my body against his and I went
through his hair with my hands. Our tongues were dancing in our mouths as his
hands slowly went down to my ass. Softly squeezing them when they arrived.

From the corner of my eyes I could see Travis and Marisha were kissing too and
somehow that really excited me. I didn't feel any jealousy at all, I felt proud
of my husband. Seeing them kiss comforted me more and I gave in to the loving
embrace of Matt's arms.

I don't really know how we ended up in the guest house. But all of a sudden we
were laying in that bed together, Matt and I. He slowly pulled down the zipper
of my dress and I didn't resist anymore. I got up and wriggled the dress over
my hips and knelt down on the bed. I took off his shirt and as he laid down I
slowly unclasped my bra.

He smiled when he saw my naked breasts and I laid down next to him, kissing
pressing my upper body against his torso. He was muscular, but not they way
Travis was. I kissed his body and slowly made my way down. I undid his buckle
and zipped it open. With my fingers I pulled down his boxers and his pants at
the same time.

His hard penis jumped to attention and I gasped when I saw it. Slowly I took it
in my hand when I had taken off his pants. Carefully I licked it, just a gentle
touch with my tongue. The I licked it some more, making circles around his
crown with my tongue. Matt started to moan and I opened my mouth and closed it
around his shaft. I don't know what came over me, unbridled lust maybe? It was
at that moment I understood the difference between making love and just having
sex. This was about needs, lust, scratching an itch and I liked it.

I sucked him for some time, taking in his cock deep, gagging on it. Then I just
lost it completely. I took off my soaking wet panties and crawled on top of
him, we didn't say a word, I just guided him inside me. "Oh my God," I moaned,
"This feels so good."

At that moment Marisha and Travis walked in. Marisha took off her dress and
knelt down in front of Travis. As I slowly started moving my hips I watched how
she started sucking my husbands hard cock. I started moving faster and faster
until all of a sudden I screamed "Oh my God, I'm coming, I'm coming, yes, yes,
oh MY GOD!" I felt every muscle in my body contract and started to shake as the
orgasm took hold of me. I felt like I was blacking out and sagged down on Matt.
We kissed feverishly and I placed my hands on either side of his face.

I felt the bed sag as Marisha laid down, I watched her spread her legs and
guide Travis inside her pussy. I got off of Matt and laid down next to her,
spread my legs and Matt pushed his delicious pole inside my wet cunt again. I
held Travis hand as he entered me. Seeing them together and feeling Matt inside
me dove me to yet another orgasm. "Oh yes, yes, keep going," I heard Marisha
pant, "Right there, yes, like that. Harder, make me come. I want you to make me
come Travis. Fuck me like my husband is fucking your wife. Oh yes, I'm
coming!"

She buried her long nails in Travis' back and she was shaking all over. I
turned my attention to Matt and whispered in his ear. "Yes, yes, fuck me. Fuck
me for the slut I am. I love it, I never knew how good this would feel." Matt
groaned and slammed his cock deep inside me. I moaned, spread my legs wide and
placed my hands on his ass. I had another orgasm and pulled him close against
me, I could hear his deep breathing in my ear. "O Matt, fuck me. You can fuck
me at any time. Just bend me over and fuck me." I almost screamed.

I felt him throb and twist just before he pulled out and came all over my
belly, feeling his cum land on me almost made me come again. By this time
Marisha had sucked Travis dry and giggled as she swallowed my husbands seed.
Then she leaned over to me and began licking her husband seed off of me. My
skin was so sensitive now that it send all kinds of triggers through my body. I
started to rub my clit as she was cleaning me and without warning I had another
orgasm.

We laid there for a few minutes and we all started to laugh, it was more the
loss of tension than anything else. Marisha and Matt got dressed and wished us
a good night. Travis laid down next to me and we just looked at each other as I
played with his flaccid cock. It got harder and harder until without saying a
word I got on top of him and said "Make love to me, I want to feel the
difference." We had the best sex we ever had that night and just before we went
to sleep I said "I love you so much, Travis. I really do."

## Chapter Four
The sea looked beautiful and I just watched it for a minute before the
photographer shouted we were starting. I took off my robe and took my
position, followed the instructions and smiled into the camera. "Try to look
sensual," he said and I did my best. The moment of truth arrived when I reached
to my back and loosened my top, per request of the photographer I let it hang
for just a minute before pulling it down. With a flash my first _glamour_ photo
was a fact, I had no way back now. It was done.

Later that day we did another shoot in a mansion just outside Nassau. With it's
beautiful white pillars in front it looked like one of those early colonial
houses. Inside was even better and I marveled at all it's glory. We went to
work almost immediately and I stepped into the hallway when I was ready in hair
and makeup. I wore a stunning white dress and stood halfway up the stairway.

The photographer started the shoot and I stepped down a few steps, leaned
against the railing and with my hair up, long elegant gloves on my hand I felt
like the spouse of a millionaire. With every shot I undid more buttons in
front, until both my breasts were exposed. In the kitchen of the mansion I was
only wearing my thong and heels. Photo after photo were taken of me. For the
last series we stepped outside and I leaned against one of those pillars,
looking out as if I was expecting someone to arrive.

When the photographer asked me to look straight into the lens I remembered the
words Raven once said. "Try to look at the people behind the camera, the ones
looking at the photo." and I did. I saw Travis looking at me and I was looking
at him. "Perfect!" the photographer shouted followed by a "That's a wrap. Good
work everybody! Time to get out of here, we have an hour left and we have to
leave it clean. Just as we found it."

I put on the robe that was handed to me and walked back to makeup. It was done,
I had officially torn myself from the _Girls_ image I had been cultivating for
so long. Much to my own surprise it felt sort of liberating, I had taken their
opinion into account for so long even though I hadn't worked for them in years.
I wasn't asked to attend conventions anymore or to come to any of there
parties, something Travis pointed out to me. I had finally realized I had to
move on, let go and just do the things I wanted to do and this felt like
another challenge I had conquered.

As I drove back to the hotel I called Travis who was still home as he had an
important case he couldn't postpone. I missed him so much as I really wanted to
share this with him. "How did it go?" he asked.

"It went okay," I replied, "Felt a little awkward at first, but then I realized
these people do this on a regular basis and they probably have seen it all
multiple times. And they all were so professional, it really relaxed me and I
had fun the rest of the day. It was a good shoot."

"Nice to hear," he replied, "Hey, I miss you. When will you be home?"

"My flight is the day after tomorrow. It's a late one so don't wait up."

"So basically you're there for two more days. Okay, that would mean I get to
wrap up this case just before than. Deliberations will start around that
time. Until then, try and have some fun without me."

"I will try," I replied.

When I got back to the hotel I went straight to my room and fell on the bed. It
just didn't feel the same without Travis there, I just couldn't enjoy it all. I
laid in bed until it was time to get some dinner and I sat down at a table,
after ordering the waitress brought me a glass of wine and I looked around the
restaurant. A man sitting alone at another table raised his glass to me and I
answered his toast. A few minutes later he talked to a waiter and walked up to
me. "We seem to be in the same predicament, eating alone. Would you grant me
the honor of joining you? I hate seeing a woman eating alone. Especially a
beautiful one like you."

I wasn't in the mood for this, raised my right hand and said "Sorry, married."

"Ah," he said and raised his, "So am I. Just wondered if you would like some
company during dinner, that's all." His accent betrayed him to be Australian
and I always had something with that accent. I gave in and said "In that case,
please take a seat."

We had a nice conversation during dinner. He told me his name was Ryan and he
was an marine biologist there to check the reefs. "The Great Barrier Reef is
dying and we wondered how the situation was here. So now I am here."

"And your family?"

"Still in Brisbane. Just another week before I fly home. Can't wait to see them
again, my daughter was born while I was here. A little premature, but she's
doing fine now. I was there virtually."

"Wow, sometimes the internet is a good thing."

"Sometimes it is. So what do you do for a living?"

"Nothing special like that. I'm a real life model."

"Wow, anything I could have seen?"

"If you were American yes. Mostly ads. But it pays the bills."

The rest of the evening we kept talking until it was time for me to go to bed.
It was refreshing for me to see that he didn't make any passes at me and as I
wasn't in the mood either I hadn't flirted with him once. We just had a nice
evening talking to each other, something we both seemed to need.

The next morning I woke up a little early and was wondering what to do with my
day. I showered, got dressed and went to the restaurant to get some breakfast.
As I sat down that same table as the night before, I loved that spot as it had
a beautiful view over the light aqua colors of the ocean. I was deep in
thoughts when I heard someone say "Excuse me, I didn't mean to bother you."

It was Ryan and he said "I was just wondering if you had anything to do today.
If not would you like to see the reefs? We are going into restricted areas and
this might be the only chance we ever get to go there."

"That would be nice," I replied, "But thank you, I will have to decline."

"That's okay," he said, "was just wondering. Well, gotta go."

It was just after nine when I decided to call it quits. I called the airline to
see if there were any flights back home. All I could get was a flight to Miami
and I took it. Went back to my room, packed, checked out and an hour later I
was on my way home. In Miami I got another flight closer to home and in total
it took me almost a full day to get there. It was after 2AM when I opened the
door and stepped into our house. I was exhausted and excited. I sneaked into
our bedroom and whispered "Hey honey, I'm home!"

Travis woke up immediately and could not believe that I was there. He took me
in his arms and said "I missed you so much." We made out until I just fell
asleep in his arms with a big smile on my face. The hole I had felt was filled
again.

Three weeks later the photos were published in FMM and according to the
publisher they flew off the shelves. At first I was nervous when I opened the
magazine, I was on pages 30 and onward. Nervous as hell I turned the pages, but
the photos were just amazing. _Babe in the Bahamas_ the title was and I felt a
little proud of them. When my mother called I got nervous all over again.
"Laura" she said in her strict tone of voice, "I've seen that magazine. And you
look so beautiful in them. I got all kinds of compliments, some not so nice
ones to but who cares? I am so proud of you, honey. I really am."

The publisher offered me more shoots and I accepted. Other more _adult_
publications followed and I always drew the line at explicit photos. "I will do
it," I always said, "but my panties stay on." Photos of me appeared in
magazines, online and it was sort of strange to see they had made computer
wallpapers out of photos of me. Someone even started a Laura Davis fan page on
Facebook that quickly gained members. As sort of a joke I applied for
membership too but they just didn't believe it was really me and rejected my
application.

"You know you've made it when the mods of the fan groups don't allow you
to become a member." I posted on Twitter. Within minutes my application was
accepted and I loved interacting with the fans. Now in accordance with the site
policies they weren't allowed to post any of my later work, so most of the
photos were older ones.

In the mean time although I had plenty of work I felt myself getting a little
restless. I couldn't quite pinpoint what it was, just a general feeling of
uneasiness. I had worked for Marisha my whole career and felt more and more I
wanted to be my own boss and we had a long talk about it one day. She
understood me so well and said "If that's how you feel, then just say the word.
I will not stop you. We've been working together for so long now, you helped
this company become what it is today. All I can do is say thank you and let you
go."

"Thanks," I said, "I hope this doesn't change anything between us. I would hate
it if that happened."

"Are you kidding? We always kept that separated. Maybe it's for the best too.
This way I can just be your friend."

During one of the shoots I had talked with another model who had started her
own small business. She totally represented herself and said "Ever since I did
that I feel more in power, in control. I do my own negotiations and am no
longer restricted or have to do shoots I don't want to do. I even started my
own page on this new site, it's wonderful. People join my group and pay for
photos or videos on an individual basis. Just last week I sold 1000s of my
latest series of 24 photos, for 15 dollars a pop. The site takes 30%, but that
still made me 10 dollars for every series sold. Overnight I had earned 10,000
dollars. Overnight!"

With the help of Travis I started _Blue Donkey_, named after my favorite
stuffed animal from when I was a kid. It was the last thing my grandfather gave
me before he passed away and I still had it, somewhere. I opened page on that
site and worked on my profile page for a day or two. Within ours of me starting
that page I got a call from an unknown number.

"Hello?"

"Yes, hi. Is this Laura Davis?

"Yes, speaking."

"Hi, my name is Ashley Johnson of Just4Fans. I got this number from your former
agent. We saw an account being opened in your name and just wanted to verify it
was legit. Did you know someone opened a page in your name?"

"Yes, it was me."

"Ah good. Every time we see a page being opened in someones name we try to
verify it, especially if that person if _famous_. It's our strict policy not to
allow fan pages or the likes. Whatever you publish on our site has to be coming
from the person itself."

"That's a good policy. But yes it was me. I'm starting something new and
thought your site might be a good addition."

"It is. And don't hesitate to contact us when it starts to grow. We're always
open to negotiations when you reach a certain level. We are willing to lower
our percentage if we both can agree to the terms. Well, all I have to say is
that we will apply the verification check mark to your account so potential
customers can see that your account has been verified. It was nice talking to
you Laura. Any questions?"

"Not at the moment," I replied, "Is there anyway other than the site I could
contact someone?"

"Yes, but those are second level perks. When you reach third level you will get
a personal contact, which could be me. At fourth level we really don't know yet
as we haven't reached that point yet. But I'm sure it will be great."

Ten minutes later a green check mark appeared on my profile photo and a green
pill stating _Verified account_ appeared underneath. It was nice to see Ashley
did what she said she would do. Now I had to conquer another problem, I had
nothing to publish yet. I needed to find a good photographer and organize a
shoot somewhere.

One of the first people I called was Raven Proudfoot, who was more than
delighted to hear from me again. "So you didn't forget about me," she cheered,
"but I do have to decline. I just have to many things going on right now."

"That's okay. Have any recommendations for me?"

"Yeah, Liam. Wait I will get you his number. He's a very nice guy, gay as hell,
but still a nice guy. I'm joking, he's just marvelous. Here it is." and she
gave me his number. "I'm sure you will like him," she said, "He's not as good
as I am, but still a decent one."

"Oh, should I be worried?"

"Not if you like someone with an ego. He got published in in Nature the other
day with a lucky shot of some bird. Appeared to be a rare one in these parts."

After I hung up I called that number she gave me and left a voicemail when he
didn't pick up. He called me an hour later and we agreed to meet in a
coffee shop downtown. He wasn't at all what I had imagined, not flamboyantly
gay, shy and not at all cocky.

"Raven told me about Nature. Congratulations."

"Ah, lucky shot. I didn't even know it was special, someone pointed it out to
me and my husband called Nature when I told him. I didn't even want him to, but
whenever he sets his mind to something no one can stop him."

"You are a lucky man to have someone like that."

"That's what they all say. I love him to bits, but sometimes he just drives me
crazy."

I immediate took a liking to him and we talked for over an hour before we got
to business. I told him what I was looking for and he offered my some prices.
They were reasonable for the market and he knew he couldn't fool me, I worked
in this industry for far to long for that to happen. In my head I did some
calculations and decided it was worth the risk.

Not long after we started working on a shoot together, Liam had some wonderful
ideas and it didn't take us long to be ready. During that time we got to know
each other better and I got the feeling he liked me too. Days before the shoot
he called me, said he had some new ideas an asked me to come over.

When I parked my car the front door flew open and a man wearing bright colors
stormed out of the house. "There you are!" he shouted and opened my door for
me. "Let me help you. I'm Sam, Liams better half. Welcome, welcome, It's so
nice to finally meet the girl he has been talking about for days now. Come on
in, come on in. How was the trip? Any problems finding the place?"

"No, it was okay."

"Good, good. Well as I said I am Sam and welcome to our little abode. Liam is
in his studio right now and will be out shortly. Can I get you anything?
Coffee? Tea? Soda? Something stronger perhaps?"

"Tea would be wonderful, thank you."

"Tea it is. I love tea, Liam not so much. Oh, it's so nice to have tea with
someone. I will be right back, just putting the kettle on. Sit down, sit down,
make yourself at home. Please."

As quiet as Liam was, so open and loud was Sam. They were totally different
characters, but Sam wasn't flamboyant in a annoying way. He was charming,
disarming and funny. He made me really feel welcome in their home and a
beautiful home it was. Lots of plants everywhere and very nice paintings on
the walls. Landscapes, portraits and when I checked the signature it just said
_Sam_ and the year it was painted.

When Sam entered the room I asked "Did you paint these?"

"Yes, I am the _real_ artist of this house. I mean photography is just pushing
a button, right? This is the real deal. Art created by paint and brushes."

"Is he on his _real art_ thing again," Liam said as he walked in, "Don't
believe him, this is all paint-by-numbers." That remark made me chuckle and I
could clearly see they were just pulling each others chains. We sat down and
Sam brought us some tea. "I will be in my studio for when you need me. Real art
is waiting for me to create it."

"Now do you understand my plight?" Liam said as Sam was walking away and he
chuckled, "I love him so much and he is a good painter. He had a wonderful
exhibition just two weeks ago. Everything was sold, they had never seen that
before. I am so proud of him, he worked so hard to get here." We talked some
more about his ideas and made the plans concrete. We would do the shoot the
following day.

Three days later I sat down at my computer, Travis was sitting next to me. We
had made a selection of all the photo's Liam had sent us. I looked at Travis
and said "Well, here it goes.", put my hand on the mouse and clicked the
_Publish_ button. I had checked other small accounts and had decided on a price
that was conform with theirs. "All we can do now is wait," I said when the big
green check mark appeared on the screen. I refreshed my page and there it was,
my first ever series on Just4Fans, "Laura in nature" it was called.

The following morning I was too excited to see how it had done. Together with
Travis I opened the site, went to my account and gasped. I had sold 2500 copies
of the series at 10 dollars each. After the 30% deduction that still was 17,500
dollars. When I took away the costs of hiring Liam, it still left me with just
under 9,000 dollars, in just one night. Sure, I still had to pay taxes and all,
but still. I didn't have any overhead as _Blue Donkey_ was a company with just
one employee: me.

The series kept selling in the days after and I just couldn't believe it. We
quickly did another shoot and that sold even better. I reached that second
level in no time and I had multiple series up in just under two months. The
best thing about the site was the social media aspect of it. Through posts I
could more easily interact with my fans and produce photos they liked to see.

I started taking selfies and post them too. Some were free, others very cheap.
It all worked to grow my following on there and it was just so much fun to do.
It was simply amazing to see how they responded to stupid photos of me doing my
makeup. "Getting ready for another shoot," I wrote underneath it.

The more I posted on there, the more requests I got from bigger sites. I was
very selective in what I did as Just4Fans had become my major source of
revenue. It still was nice to see their reactions when I posted something like
"Going to my shoot for _Bouncy Babes_. So excited!" At first I only did solo
shoots, but the fans wanted to see me with someone too. The first time I was so
tense doing it, but it all went smoothly and the photos were just so nice.

The more popular my account became, the more I could ask for some series. I
decided to lower the prices on older series and that was a move that was really
appreciated. When some of them appeared on other sites I tried to claim them so
they would be removed, but then I realized it was a form of advertisement and
people came to my profile because they saw a photo elsewhere. We only took
action when entire series were published and having a lawyer for a husband
really helped in that regard.

The more I published on Just4Fans the bolder I got and the first series in
which I was totally naked was the absolute best-seller. I did some cosplay
series, latex series and even some _little bad girl_ series. It was all so much
fun to do and Liam became my go to photographer.

During all of this Travis and I hit somewhat of a road bump in our
relationship, we started bickering more and I thought it was all about the site
and the work I was doing now. During one of our fights he shouted "That's not
it at all. I told you I would support you in anything you do and I still think
that way. It just --"

"What?"

He sat down and said "We haven't done a thing like we did that night at Marisha
and Matt's place. You've stopped flirting with people and I miss that."

"You do? With everything going on I just didn't think about it that much."

"I know," he said, "It's just, I don't know. You've changed a little and maybe
I have too. I just miss it."

"Oh honey," I said as I put my arms around me, "Why didn't you tell me? You
know you can tell me anything, right?"

"Yeah, but you were so happy with everything that was going on and I just
didn't want to mess it up."

"Oh sweetie, you can never do that. I always want to know how you feel. I
really thought you were having problems with what I am doing now."

"Not at all," he said, "I love to see how excite you are about it. They way you
interact with your fans. It's just that I miss you sometimes. Like the other
day, I was home all day and all you did was look on your phone or the computer.
We hardly said a word to each other."

"Oh I am so sorry," I said, "You know what? From now on we will introduce a
special day just for us. It can be any day of the week. On that day you and I
do not work, just spent some quality time together. What do you think?"

"That that wouldn't work," he said, "Either one of us always has something
coming up out of the blue. We need to find a way to make this work."

"Agreed and this is a big step forward. I love you, Travis, and I am sorry if
I've hurt you. I didn't mean to do that, I really didn't."

From that moment I stopped working all day and it made me realize I didn't have
to respond to every single post all of the time. To give my fans an explanation
I posted:

_Dear fans, You know I love all of you. But I've been working so hard to get
this page to where it is now. I have to take a step back and can't respond to
everyone all of the time. My partner was suffering and I have to choose him
over everything, I hope you understand. From now on I will take two hours in
the morning and two in the afternoon to respond to as many people as I can.
That still leaves me with 4 hours a day to do everything else I need to do for
this page. I will be taking more time off, like during the weekends. I hope you
all will understand and respect this decision. I love you all so much, Laura._

The responses to that post were nothing but amazing. The all wished me well and
to look after my partner. One of the wrote "Your family is the most important
thing there is. Look after him/her like you looked after us. We love you and
wish you all the best." That post made me cry and I felt all of their love
coming to me.

This _regime_ gave me more time off to spend with Travis, basically it meant I
was working while he was at his office. From the moment he came home I finished
what I was doing and stopped working for the day. We started going out for
dinner again and even went to a bar every now and then. We rediscovered our
feelings for each other and our bond grew even stronger than before. We had
survived our first big hurdle and were looking toward the future again.

## Chapter Five

