# Chapter One
Looking out of my window I can see the city below waking up, as if it ever went
to sleep. I woke up early to go to work and I couldn't help thinking back to
when I first came here. And although it only had been a year, I was still so
young it seems now. So much had changed for me, I had grown so much the past
year. I came as I girl, now I felt like a woman.

My parents weren't particularly happy with me when I told them I wanted to go
to college in Fort Dix, the capital of our state. Not only did I want to leave
small town living as soon as possible, in Fort Dix were the best colleges of
the state if not the country. I got accepted into Kingston, not the best of
them, but certainly not the worst either.

When the letter came and I read the words "our pleasure" and "accepted" I
couldn't have been happier. We were very lucky we were able to find an
apartment, otherwise I would have been forced to move in the dorms, something
that I really didn't want to do. I had always been a shy girl and didn't do
well with large amounts of people I didn't know. I still am, but it's getting
better.

And I know I was lucky that the owner of the building is a friend of my father,
otherwise I couldn't have afforded the rent. A few weeks later I moved in and
we spent a few days buying furniture, decorating and making the apartment mine.
A few days later I started school, for the first few months my life basically
existed off getting used to life on my own and combining school with a basic
simple job that I had.

Now I do have to explain one thing, I've never been the popular one in school.
I was more the wallflower, the one that didn't get picked, which only made me
retreat into myself more. My parents tried their best to help me and I did go
to some parties but never felt comfortable being there and mostly left after
two or three hours.

Having those experiences didn't help me much with getting friends in college. I
was on my own most of the time. Then it started to change when a random girl
sat down across from me during lunch. "Hey," she said, "I saw you sitting alone
and I thought she might want some company. I'm Marisha."

"Hi," I said, "Laura."

"So, what you're doing?"

"Eating lunch," I said while shrugging my shoulders."

"Ha, I can see that. But why are you sitting at this table?"

"I don't mind," I replied.

"Well," she replied, "I might join you more often."

She did exactly what she said and sat down with me almost every lunch and I
started to look forward to it. It was nice to have somebody to talk to during
lunch. After a few weeks we started to hang out more and I, very carefully,
called her a friend. I was being careful because I had been burned so many
times in my life before.

One afternoon after school we went out for some coffee. We sat down outside a
small cafe and we were watching the people passing by. She noticed I always
checked what the women where wearing. "Why are you checking the girls?" she
suddenly asked me. I felt a little embarrassed by her question and immediately
retreated again. "Oh," she said, "I am so sorry. I didn't want to embarrass
you. I'm not judging, I was just curious."

"It's nothing," I replied, "I just like to see what they wear."

"Okay," she said, "You know you could wear those too right?"

"Oh," I replied, "I don't think I would dare go outside in those. I don't have
a figure like they have."

"What? Are you kidding?" she almost shouted and lowered here voice when I
gestured to keep it down, "I'm sorry but that's one of the dumbest things I've
ever heard. Whatever people told you in the past, they were wrong. You are
gorgeous! And I'm saying that as a 100% straight person."

I chuckled "No, I'm not. If it weren't for these contacts I would have thick
glasses and look like a librarian."

"That's because you always have your hair up in a bun. Why not let it loose?
For as far as I can see you have beautiful hair, you never show it, but I think
it's very nice. And one more thing, who cares of what other people think. Let
me tell you something, even when you do everything other people want you to do,
when you wear the clothes they want you to wear, they will always talk to you
behind your back. No matter what. So why not do the things you would like to
do or wear the clothes you like to wear?"

"Well, if you put it like that --"

"No, don't do it because I said so, do it because _you_ want to. Don't ever do
anything because I said you should. Never do anything you don't want to do. If
you finally can do that, you will learn that people will like you for who you
really are."

"Or be totally put off by it." I replied

"If that's the case then they weren't really friends in the first place, so you
move on to other people. This is a city of 16 million people, you can't tell me
that there aren't a few people here who would like you for who you really are."

Her words kept running through my head for the rest of the day. Could it be
true? Would people like me if I just didn't care anymore? One of the reasons I
kept to myself was to protect myself, but had I just put up a wall to isolate
myself? Sure, I wasn't getting hurt by them, but was I hurting myself? What did
it give me? I didn't have friends, not real ones anyway. The people I knew were
more like acquaintances, not real friends who would drop everything to come see
you in the hospital or something.

For the first time I felt alone and lonely. I realized that by keeping to
myself I really was hurting myself. Maybe it's time for that to change, I
thought, maybe I should take some risks. That whole thought frightened me,
making me ask questions like 'but what if they...' or 'what would people
think...' It was so hard to stop thinking like that, because that was so deeply
engraved into me. Stop thinking like that, I reprimanded myself, that's why you
are sitting here alone on a Saturday night.

I walked over to the window and looked at the city below. It was getting darker
and a sea of lights looked so beautiful. I took a deep breath and vowed to
become a part of that life below. A group of loudly cheering girls attracted my
attention, one of them wore a sachet. Clearly they were out there celebrating
her last night of freedom before she got married and I giggled a little when
one of them shouted "She's getting hitched tomorrow! One one wants to kiss her?
She's not married yet!"

In my head I joined those girls and tried to imagine how it would be if I were
a little more like anyone of them. Wearing a dress like they did and walking in
those heels. I didn't even own heels, all I wore were flats or sneakers if I
was a little more daring. I turned away and shut off the TV, sat down on my
couch and just felt so lonely.

The next day Marisha called. "Where are you?" she asked as soon as I answered
the phone.

"What do you mean where am I?" I replied, "I'm home, where else would I be?"

"Oh, don't tell me you forgot."

"Forgot what?"

"You were supposed to meet me? I'm sitting here all alone waiting for my friend
to come and she totally forgot?"

"I don't remember that."

"Oh, well. It could be that we never did make that appointment. But hey, you're
awake and I'm bored. So what do you say?"

"To what?"

"To get dressed and come over. I'm sitting at the coffee shop across the
street, if you look out the window you can see me." I walked over and looked
down across the street. Marisha was sitting at one of the tables, waving. I
waved back and said "Well, I gotta shower first."

"Okay," she replied, "and wear something nice. It's warm outside and those
blouses you always wear are way too hot for today."

I hurried and about 20 minutes later I sat down next to her and ordered a
latte. "What did I say?" she asked me, "Didn't I just tell you those blouses
are way to hot for today? We really need to get you some clothes that fit the
temperatures here. It isn't even Summer yet and already it's about 70 degrees.
It will only get warmer."

Half an hour later I was standing in a changing room, wearing a sleeveless
dress staring at myself in the mirror. I couldn't wear this, I thought and
adjusted the dress so it covered more of my body. The dress had a deep cut on
front and an even lower one in the back. As soon as Marisha's head popped
around the curtain I covered myself. "Ah," she said, "don't do that. It's not
that I haven't seen breasts before. Let me see. Come on, show me."

Slowly I turned towards her and lowered my arms a little. "Wow," she said, "I
did think it would look nice on you, but I didn't expect this. It's just
gorgeous. You gotta loose that bra though. Take it off and show me." She
stepped inside the booth and feeling embarrassed by the situation I took off my
bra. The fabric felt nice on my now exposed skin and I quickly adjusted the
parts that covered my breasts.

"No, no," Marisha said, "Don't do that, you ruin the look." She pulled the
dress a little so my cleavage was clearly visible again. "You got those girls
from your mother and they're nothing to be ashamed off. Heck, you should be so
proud of them. Look at me, I'm almost flat and do I care. No, breasts come in
all shapes and sizes and you have a lovely pair."

I made me feel uncomfortable hearing her talk like that, but it also flattered
me somehow. Nobody had talked to me in that way before, not even my own mother.
Her way of telling me about the birds and the bees had been short and we never
talked about it again. All I learned about that topic was what we got taught at
school. And now Marisha was talking about breasts so openly as if it was the
most normal thing to do. The whole situation really confused me, a lot.

Marisha looked at me and said "You're not used to talk about it, aren't you.
Well, half of the population is female and as far as I know all those women
have breasts. So it's perfectly natural to talk about them, isn't it?"

"Well --"

"Okay," she interrupted me, "how many men have cars?"

"What?"

"How many men have cars?"

"A lot, I don't know."

"Well, it looks like it's all they talk about, their cars."

"Yeah, what's your point?"

"Well, all women have breasts. If men can talk about their cars, why can't
women talk about their breasts?"

"Because it's not a thing you talk about?"

"Why not?"

"It just isn't."

"According to whom?"

"I don't know, it just isn't"

"So, you just don't because, well, you don't know why. That's stupid, I think.
We're both women so why shouldn't we talk about it? Granted, it shouldn't be a
topic all the time, there is a time and place, but that doesn't negate my
point, does it?"

"No, maybe it doesn't"

"Progress!" Marisha cheered, "Like this moment. You're trying on a dress and
all I say is you shouldn't do what you did. This dress is designed to show a
little cleavage. This _is_ a time and place to talk about them."

"I guess."

"So, now that we've established it's a place and time to talk about them _and_
we're in a fashion store for women, who according to what I know, all have
breasts or will get them someday, I just want to state that you have a
beautiful set of breasts and you should be proud of them. Wait here, I just
want to make a point. I'll be right back."

She stepped out and a few minutes later she returned with a brightly pink
dress, the kind of dress I would never ever have picked for myself. "Now," she
said, "this is stretch and one-size-fits all. I'm not saying you should buy it,
I just want to see you in it. Just try it on, if it looks ridiculous you can
take it off and we can have a laugh about it."

I took a deep breath, stared at the dress in her hands and said "Okay, but I
won't step out!" Marisha stepped out and a few minutes later I looked at myself
in the mirror. The dress showed every curve of my body and I felt ashamed of
simply wearing it in the booth I was standing in. I never would wear this
outside of the booth, let alone outside of the store.

"Are you done?" Marisha asked through the curtain.

"Don't you dare look," I replied, "I'm taking it off again. It's so stupid."

"No," Marisha stepped in and gasped. "Wow," she said, "maybe a different color,
but wow. Wait." She stepped out again and returned with a dark maroon colored
version of the same dress. "Try this one." was all she said before she stepped
out again.

I sighed and when I looked at myself in that dress I liked it a little better,
still hated the fact it showed everything. I pulled up the front so it covered
my breasts more, but as soon as Marisha stepped in she pulled my dress down
again. "My Lord," she said, "Why do you cover your body like you do? I wished I
had a third of your figure. You look so nice in it. Maybe with a pair of heels
and some nice necklaces. Wait! I've got an idea."

She returned a few minutes later with a few jackets. "I don't know your size,
so I got a few of them." I told her mine and she handed me the one in that
size. After I put it on and looked at myself in the mirror I liked it a bit
more, it looked nice on me.

"Now let your hair down," Marisha said.

I did what she said and went through it with my hands until it flowed along one
side of my face. Marisha just gasped and said "You should wear it like that
more often. You don't know how beautiful you are. That's a good thing. Now take
my hand."

I wasn't sure what she wanted to do and before I knew it she threw open the
curtains and pulled me out of the booth. I was standing in the middle of the
store wearing a dress I wouldn't want to wear in public and now she did this to
me? I wanted to cry and felt so betrayed. "Please ma'am," Marisha asked a
random woman, "what do you think? Should she buy it?"

The woman looked at me and said "Oh yes, it's gorgeous on her."

Marisha pulled me to a girl that was looking at some shirts. "Excuse me, I'm
trying to convince my friend. What do you think how it looks on her?"

The girl turned to me, her eyes lit up and she just said "Wow, that's so
gorgeous. You should definitely get those. Yes. Maybe with a nice pair of heels
and some jewelry? But yes."

Marisha pulled me to a group of women and I just said "Okay, okay, I get the
point. You don't have to embarrass me anymore. It looks nice on me, I get it."

Marisha said "Do you? Do you really? So tell me, what is the chance of us
buying those clothes and you walking out of here in them?"

"Oh wow," I replied, "that's a big step."

"Exactly! Excuse me, excuse me. Can I ask you girls a question?" It was a group
of women in their 60s and I giggled when she called them girls. The woman
looked at her and Marisha said "My friend is a little insecure. Would you
please tell her how she looks in this? I can't seem to convince her."

The women turned their attention to me and all of them just said "Aw, you look
so pretty." or "You look so nice, my dear." Hearing all those compliments made
me feel good about myself and I conceded. "Okay, I get the point."

When we returned to the dressing room I looked at myself in the mirror once
more and thought, for the very first time that I might want to buy what I was
wearing. As soon as I wanted to close the curtain Marisha said "oh no, I've
already squared it with the store, you can keep wearing it. They will remove
the tags just collect your clothes and we will pay for it." She didn't give me
any other choice.

At the register the girl said "Ah, now I understand why you asked me that
question. That's a really good choice." She removed all the tags from what I
was wearing and I paid for it with my credit card. Now came the hardest part,
actually leaving the store in my new clothes. "Now," Marisha said, "we need to
replace those shoes. These don't fit your outfit at all."

Thirty minutes later I left the shoe store wearing my very first heels, they
weren't that high and surprisingly comfortable. When I looked in the mirror as
I was trying them on they looked so nice with my new dress.

For the first hour or so I felt very self conscious about what I was wearing
but the longer I did the more I noticed people weren't really paying attention
to it, not as much as I expected them to do. And it did feel good when we
passed a group of young men and saw them looking at me. This time not in the
way they used to do, there was something different. I might have added a little
more bounce to my step now that I didn't wear a bra.

As soon as we were out of hearing range I couldn't help but giggle a little.
"What?" Marisha asked. "Nothing!" I replied, "nothing at all." I put my arm in
hers and thanked her. We spent some more time shopping and when I got home I
not only had bought the dress I was wearing, but some shirts, skirts and other
clothes I wouldn't have dreamed of just the day before.

It took me some time before I started wearing them to school, but hearing the
compliments I got when I did made me want to wear them more often. I even
started to think about wearing makeup, something I hadn't done ever. I didn't
even own any.

During one of my classes I was paired with another girl for a class assignment,
we had to do an interview with a business owner we admired, someone who had
made it despite all the odds. "Just write the best article you can. It can be
anything, from a biography to a feel-good story. You decide. The best article
will be published in the school newspaper, so do you best and surprise me." the
professor had said.

I sat down with Ashley in the school restaurant to discuss what we could do.
"Oh," Ashley said, "I've heard of this woman, she started working at this place
as a waitress. And when the owner put the place up for sale, she borrowed the
money from her parents. They had to take a second mortgage or something and
everybody said it wouldn't work. Now it's the hottest place in town. Maybe we
could ask her for an interview. Would be a great hook: woman makes it despite
everything thrown against her. Because it was, they tried everything to stop
her from realizing her dream."

"Yes, that could be something. Let's think of other options, just so we have a
few to think about." I replied. We created quite the list ranging from our
parents to our professors, but when we looked into the history of that woman we
both knew it was the best idea of them all.

"And besides that," Ashley said, "How many stories will be written about
parents, teachers or what ever. I bet no one has the guts to actually write
something that isn't school related. So what if it doesn't get published, we've
at least written an article about something that interests us."

"You're right," I replied, "let's just do it. But how will we contact her?"

"Oh, that's not that difficult. Let me see, ah here it is." and she dialed the
number from the website. "Oh hi, my name is Ashley and I'm a student at
Kingston. For one of our classes we need to do an interview with someone and we
were thinking about writing an article about Carina. Is there any way we could
contact her? -- What? I am speaking to her? Oh, I am so sorry. Yes, hi. Well,
that makes it a little easier. Would you be interested? Please."

She was quiet for a moment and then said "Oh, we could come by at three? Sure,
no problem. Yes, thank you so much. We will be there at three. Thank you so
much."

I just stared at her with a look of what-did-you-just-do and Ashley replied "I
didn't know what to say. She wanted to meet with us before she said yes or no.
And we're off at two, so -- well -- it can't hurt, can it?" She raised her
eyebrows and lowered her head into her shoulders.

I chuckled and said "No, it can't. But now we've got another question to
answer."

"What?"

"My car or yours?"

Ashley burst into laughter and said "I don't care, yours?"

Just a few minutes before three we arrived at _the Vagrant_. From the outside
it looked like any of the other businesses out there. If it hadn't been for the
big sign we could have missed it easily. Now at least I understood why people
said it wouldn't work. _The Vagrant_ was situated on the outskirts of the city
center. If you wanted to go there you had to drive quite far or take a cab
over. But somehow it grew to the status it had now and getting in was quite a
feat to accomplish. If the stories we read online were even half true.

We rang the bell next to the employee entrance, just as we were told to do. It
took a few minute for the door to be opened. A women in her late 40s opened the
door and said "Ah, the students." and she let us in. Having never been to a
bar or a club it felt a little strange to go inside. We clearly entered through
the back of the club. The walls ware barren and there were racks everywhere.
They left quite a narrow space to walk through, but then Carina opened a door
for us and when we stepped through it we were in a totally different world.

To our left was a giant dance floor with a DJ booth raised up to the right of
it. Around it were raised platforms with a pole in the middle, I had no clue
why they were there. In between those platform there were seats so you could
watch the people dancing. To our left there was a long bar with seats. We
walked passed the bar and there was a small staircase down leading to a searing
area.

To our left I saw a door with a security light above it: EXIT it read and I
thought it might be the entrance too. Next to it was a staircase painted in
dark reds and black leading to a second floor. "Please take a seat," Carina
said, "Can I get you girls anything?"

Ashley asked for a coke and I joined her. Carina disappeared behind the bar and
returned with three cokes, sat down and said "Now, you wanted to do an
interview. Why me?"

I was a bit blown away by the question and Ashley answered "Well, I heard about
you and how you got to own this place. How you persevered on fulfilling your
dream. We got an assignment to write an article about someone we admired and I
thought of you."

"Oh, is that so? Well, I am flattered by what you said, but it doesn't really
answer my question."

"Well," I scraped my throat and said "We wanted to write a story about a woman
who made it despite all the odds. Now we both have a professor that fits that
bill perfectly. She was the first African woman to become dean. When we checked
the school paper we saw that there had been numerous articles about her in the
past. We also noticed that there had been no articles written about someone
outside the school or the writers immediate family. When we checked what was
written about you, we became more interested. Everything written about you is
about what you had to do to keep this place running, but nothing about who you
are. Nothing about what drives you. Not a word about what you went through to
get here. We want to write about that, about you and who you are."

"Now that's a good answer." Carina laughed, "So when would you like to do
this?"

"Right now," Ashley said, "if that's okay with you."

Carina checked her watch and said "Heck, I've got a few minutes to spare. But I
need to leave in an half an hour. So start your recording device or whatever
and let's just start."

Ashley got out her voice recorder and said "The Vagrant interview, euhm part
one. I am here with Laura and we're interviewing Carina the owner of the
Vagrant."

Carina said hello and chuckled at the way we were struggling to do the
interview, we asked her the basic answers any beginning interviewer would ask
and then she just said "You know what? Why don't I just show you around and I
can tell you my story as we go along. I think it will be a little more natural
if we just talk to each other."

As she showed us everything she talked about how she started to work there when
it still had a different name. She talked about those times with love and I
could see she had some good memories of this place back then. "But," she said,
"It all changed when the plant shut down. People couldn't afford to come here
anymore. The houses were all torn down and replaced with the office building
you see now. This used to be a vibrant neighborhood. I had to get the money
fast and if it hadn't been for my parents I don't know where I'd be now.
Working at one of the factories maybe."

She painted such a nice picture of what it was back then and I looked at Ashley
who immediately understood what I was trying to say. "So I talked to the owner
and he said he would rather sell it to me than to one of those developers. I
think he might even had a loss when he sold it to me. I had some ideas what I
wanted to do, but no bank wanted to grant me a loan. It will never work, they
said, or too risky. So I had to work with what I had and asked family and
friends to help me redecorate and paint the walls."

It took almost a year for people to come, if it hadn't been for my friends
working for free I would never have survived that first year. Then one day a
guy walks in, says he's a DJ and I give him a chance. He's the one that put us
on the radar of so many people. He started playing something new, something
nobody did, a genre called _house_. At first I thought it was the worst thing I
ever heard, but people started to come and dance. Word spread around and it got
busier and busier. I could afford to actually hire people, but my friends
didn't want to leave. My sister is actually still working here, she's the
manager now but she stepped from behind the bar and became one of my first
dancers. She was the one who told me to put in those poles. I can still
remember the first night she performed, people were mesmerized by what she
did." Carina's eyes stared into the distance as she remembered those days.

She talked about all the changes the club went through and how she had to make
adjustments. "That's the way it got to be as it is now. If you aren't a member
you can't get in. We had hundreds of people standing outside trying to get in,
in all types of weather. Things just had to change." We had read about it
online, how people were so happy they got introduced to the club because you
had to know someone who is a member to even have a chance to get in.

"Now," Carina said, "those memberships are free, they're just in place to
regulate the flow of people. If you want to come you check in online and when
it's full you don't even have to try coming here. We're so lucky it worked for
us, it could have backfired just as easily. That doesn't mean we could just
lean back and enjoy, no we had to come up with new ideas to keep the people
coming. Then we noticed a trend, something people were looking for and there
was nothing in the city anywhere that offered it. So we started to allow it,
carefully at first until it is what it is today. We have strict rules, but
there is enough room so people can still have fun."

"I don't understand," Ashley said, "have fun with what?"

Carina turned to her and said "Well, sex of course."

I felt my head turn red and Carina laughed and said "Don't worry, this isn't an
adult club. We just allow a little more, you can be as sexy as you want to be
but total nudity isn't allowed down here. It still has to be classy. Now, let's
say you are here having a good time and some boy, or girl, comes up to you.
You're dancing and slowly feel the urge to go a little further. Well, follow
me." She got up and led us upstairs. There was a huge space covered with what
looked like a rubber mattress. To the side were quite a few rooms with those
indicators he see on bathroom stalls indicating if it is open or not.

"If you want to go a little further you could come up here. If you really
feeling frisky you find a spot over here. If you want a little more privacy
there are these rooms available." She opened one of the rooms and it had a big
bed inside of it. Next to the door was a dispenser for condoms. "We provide
those for free, but it's totally up to you." Carina said.

She then looked at us "There's just a few rules. No professionals, if we catch
you asking for money the you're out and never allowed to come back. Getting
your groove on with one of the employees is another no go. That is if they're
actually working that night, that is. If you're not and your just here on your
own time, go for it. The last absolute no go is recording, that's not allowed
whatsoever. We stand for the privacy of our patrons and everybody who comes
here expects you to honor that."

It was quite the revelation we got and the both of us were still stunned by it
when we sat back down in my car. "Well, I didn't expect that!" Ashley said and
we both started to giggle. I still had so many questions but Carina had to go
and we had made another appointment in a few days. Back home I just started to
write the first draft of the article, when I was done about an hour later I was
quite proud of it. The whole thing just came flowing out. I sent it to Ashley,
who called me right after she had read it.

We made some adjustments and rewrote parts of it, without really knowing each
other we just didn't need many words to know where the other one was going.
When we were done with the second draft Ashley said "I really like this. I
never had this with any other person than you. This feels nice." I agreed with
her and we decided to get a coffee the next day.

As we were working on that article we got better friends and the night before
the second appointment with Carina Ashley came over to discuss what we wanted
to ask her. It didn't take long for us to talk about anything but the article.
"Yeah, can you believe it? He actually did that. I slapped him in the face and
walked off. Telling me I don't know anything about Game of Thrones! Tsss."
Ashley laughed.

I chuckled and really started to like her. At some point the doorbell sounded,
it was Marisha and I let her in too. All of a sudden I sat in my living room
with two of the people I dared to call my friends and I loved it. "Isn't this
the best apartment you ever saw?" Marisha asked Ashley. "Way better then those
stupid dorms," Ashley responded. "Isn't it?" Marisha said on her turn.

I was flattered by their compliments and felt a little proud of myself. Marisha
stood in the window and said "Just look at this view. You could flash your
boobs and no one would evens see." Ashley got up and stood next to her, looking
out side. They looked at each other, giggled and then just lifted up their
shirts. I couldn't believe what I saw, they were actually flashing their boobs
at the world. They straightened their shirts and laughed out loud.

"Come here," Marisha said to me, "come here!" I got up and slowly walked over.
When I stood next to them all Marisha said was "1 .. 2  .. THREE!" and we all
raised our shirts. I couldn't believe what I was doing but got swept up in the
moment and stood there exposing my breasts to the world. It only lasted a
second or two before we burst into laughter and sat down again. What had I
done?

"That was fun!" Ashley shouted and I just couldn't stop laughing either. The
whole situation was so absurd to me, but it had triggered something inside me.
A seed had been planted and it would grow bigger over time. We sat there
chatting for quite some time before it was time for them to go home.

When they were gone, I sat there for a moment contemplating about what just had
happened and how much fun it had been to have them come around to visit me. I
got up to go to bed and just before I did so I looked outside once more. On a
whim I lifted up my shirt once more, this time I stood there for about a minute
before I chuckled and went to bed.

The next day we had quite some things to do. We had the appointment with Carina
but before we went there we had a little surprise in store. Right after we had
made sure the surprise was good, we sat down in a coffee shop to rewrite parts
of the article before we met up with Carina.

We had agreed to meet her in a restaurant for lunch. When we arrived she was
already waiting for her and she told us to order anything we wanted. "Well," I
said after placing my order, "we finished our third draft and really would like
your input." I handed her the papers and felt really nervous to see her
actually read what we had written.

We hadn't written an article about the club, nor how it came to be. Our article
was about the woman behind the club. How she remembered the times when she was
just a waitress, how she described hot it was back then, how she struggled to
get where she was now. We even spent a paragraph or two about how thankful she
was to her friends and family who got her where she is today. She gasped when
she arrived at our little twist.

Three paragraphs describing our meet with three of her employees, one of them
her sister. How proud they were of her and how much they loved her. "Carina
will never ever say the words," we quoted her sister, "but we all know how much
she appreciates all we do for her. And when she does say it, it only makes
those moments more special to us. I love working for my sister, she's the best
boss I ever had."

I could see tears in Carina's eyes and when she was done she just said "This --
you guys! -- There are some factual mistakes, but --"

"It's okay," Ashley said, "It's okay, we understand. And thank you, this is the
best reaction we could expect. Thank you. It means a lot."

I just nodded and placed my hand on Carina's. She looked at us, wiped her eyes
and said "Darn it, I never cry. I hate the both of you." she chuckled, "see
what you made me do?" She took a moment and then said "Can I have a copy of
this when it's finished?"

"Of course," I replied, "not a problem."

We had a lovely lunch together and when we were about to leave Carina said "I
would love to meet you two again sometime. Maybe we could have lunch again?" We
both nodded and I gave Carina my phone number, as she already had Ashley's. I
fully expected to never hear from her again, but to my surprise she did call me
and we had lunch a few times more. Mostly with Ashley being there, but more and
more it was just the two of us.

Not only did we get a A+ on our article, it was also published in the school
paper. To complete it we had dug up an old photo of what the neighborhood
looked like back then, even some photo's of the club before it was the Vagrant.
During on of our lunched I handed the paper to Carina and said "Page three."

"You got to publish it?" Carina blurted out, "I am so proud. Oh look at that
photo. That's Jerry's, before he met Ben. He had a little ice-cream parlor, oh
wow the old club. So nice. Can I keep this?" I nodded saying "That's why I
brought it." Carina thanked me and said "Because you got published, lunch is on
me! Come on, let's celebrate! What do you have planned for the rest of the
day?"

"Nothing much," I replied.

"Good, I'm going to take you to the spa. We're going to have a good time, get
our nails done, our hair and makeup. What do you say?"

I didn't know what to say. "But I didn't write it alone, if we're celebrating
than Ashley should be here too."

"Invite anyone you want, it's on me. Let's make it a girls day out, I'll ask my
sister if she wants to come too."

And thus we ended up in a spa situated just outside the richest part of town.
It was hidden in a wooded area and from the tanning area you had a beautiful
view over the ocean. When we walked in Carina was greeted by the woman behind
the counter "Ah, Miss Davenport. So nice to see you again. You brought some
friends I see. Welcome, welcome to _Ocean View_. The same as always I presume?"

"Yes, Emma, the same as always." Carina laughed and with that the ritual was
over and the two women talked like the friends they were. We had massages,
steam baths, facials and everything else. We ended up in the nail salon and for
the first time I had my nails done. Afterwards I was dragged into the hair
salon where they did my hair and makeup.

When I walked out they all were stunned. "Wow, Laura! You are gorgeous!" Carina
blurted out, she grabbed my hand and pulled me into a booth. "You all wait
here," she said. A woman came up to us and Carina whispered something in her
ear. Ten minutes later I walked out wearing a tight off shoulder mini dress,
wearing 6 inch heels. I walked very carefully and Carina held my hand.

When they saw me the all were just flabbergasted. "Would you believe this is
Laura?" Carina said, "Talk about a diamond in the rough." They all just stared
at me in disbelieve.

"What?" I asked, "I look ugly, don't I? I better get this off, it's way to
expensive anyway."

"No," Ashley was the first to respond, "You look amazing! I can't believe it,
you -- you should be a model or something. Jeez, I don't know what to say."

Marisha said "Laura! Why did you ever want to hide that?"

Even Carina's sister Linda had compliments "I really don't know you, but this,
this is just too much. You are so beautiful."

I blushed from all the compliments and Carina asked "How do you feel?"

"I feel uncomfortable, I don't wear heels, ever. And these are so -- high."

"And the dress?"

"Oh, the dress. It's tight, but I like it. I just am afraid something will pop
out at any moment."

"Don't be afraid. Just try to walk as normal as you can, just smaller steps."

I did what she said and after just a few steps she let me go and I had to do it
all an my own. I quickly got the hang of it and just started walking. The top
of the dress was surprisingly supportive and the more I walked up and down the
more comfortable I got. Marisha got her phone out and I posed for some photos,
giggling as she took them. I could not believe how much fun I had doing so, I
hated getting my photo taken. Somehow it felt different at that moment.

When Marisha send me the photos I could not believe it was me in them, for the
first time I thought I actually looked good in them. The time had come to
change into my regular clothes again and that's when I learned those clothes
were available for rent, they didn't actually sell them. Carina laughed and
said "Did you really think the women you see on the red carpet owned the
dresses they wear? No way, they either loan them from the designer or places
like this."

I laughed and said "Well, I wouldn't mind renting them one day. If I could
afford it, that is."

A few weeks later Ashley was visiting me and as we sat on the couch I said
"Ashley remember that day at the spa, when they did my hair and makeup?"

"Yes," she said

"Well, I don't know how to do that. Would you teach me? I really want to
learn."

"I would love to, but I'm not that good either. Maybe you should ask Marisha or
even better, Carina."

During all this time my wardrobe had changed a little bit, I still had the
baggy clothes but I hardly wore them anymore. Jeans and pants were replaced by
leggings and skirts. Blouses made place for shirts, one tighter than the other.
Some days I even wore that maroon dress with the jacket to school. I started to
have my hair loose more often and liked the feeling of freedom they gave me.

Carina, despite our age difference, had become a friend too and during on of
our text exchanges I asked her about teaching me about makeup. She texted back
that she was more than happy to do so. I went over to her home one Friday
evening and after a nice dinner we sat down at her vanity. She taught me all
about foundation, concealer and the lot. I never knew how much time it took
until then. Carina applied all of it to me and even added some fake lashes to
my eyes.

Then she did my hair and when I turned around I was simply amazed, I looked
like Greta Garbo in one of her movies. It was stylish and sexy at the same
time. "I want to learn how to do that," I said.

"Just a lot of trial and error," Carina laughed, "Just practice. I've got
something for you." She opened a closet and reached for something. She pulled
out the most beautiful dress I had ever seen. "If you can fit in this you can
have it. I don't fit it anymore and it's a waste if it just hangs in my
closet."

I took it, stepped into her bathroom and tried on the dress. It did fit, all I
needed to do was close the zipper. I walked out "Can you help me?" Carina
chuckled and pulled the zipper all the way up. I let go of my hair and looked
in the mirror that was standing next to her dresser. It was just beautiful.

Carina stood behind me and looked at me through the mirror. "It's yours now,"
she whispered. She placed her arms around my waist and I felt something I had
never felt with a woman before: butterflies. I placed my arms on hers and
leaned back. "Thank you," I said. Our cheeks touched and I turned my head to
hear. Softly we kissed, looked at each other and kissed again. Every kiss more
passionate and I turned around, put my arms around her neck, opened my mouth
and our tongues touched for the first time.

I had never kissed like that before, let alone with a woman. Her hands went all
over my back and slowly she pulled the zipper down again. I didn't protest, not
even when she revealed my breasts. Softly she placed her hands on them sending
shivers up and down my spine. The dress fell on the floor and I stepped out.
Pulling her shirt over her head.

We took a few steps and dropped down on her bed, just staring in each others
eyes, kissing and feeling us caressing each other. She leaned over, pushing me
on my back, she kissed my belly and I moaned a little. She made her way up and
when she kissed my nipples I couldn't help but moan a little louder. She kissed
my neck, my chin and then pressed her mouth on mine, our mouths wide open, our
tongues dancing around each other.

I pulled her on top of me and as I felt her breasts touch mine I moaned again.
I lost myself in an ocean of lust and when I felt her hand between my legs I
spread them wide, her fingers slipped inside my wet slit and I panted "Oh yes,
yes, finger me." She made me so wet and I gyrated my hips to her rhythm, it
didn't take long "Oh my god, I'm coming," I panted, "I'm coming, right there,
yes, yes, YESSSSS!" Right as the orgasm roared through my body Carina pressed
her open mouth on mine again.

She then did something I hadn't expected at all. She pulled off her panties and
pressed her wet pussy against mine. "Oh yes," she said, "I want to feel that
wet cunt of yours against mine. I want to come on your pussy!" she hissed and
she started to grind against mine. At first it felt a little strange, but that
didn't last long. Lust took over again and I pulled her leg closer to me, I
pressed my wet cunt as hard against hers as I could.

Carina slid up and down against me and moaned loudly. "Oh yes," she panted,
"this feels so good. Your wet cunt against mine, I wanted to do this the moment
we met. I've dreamed of this! Oh my lord, I'm coming too. Yes, yes, keep going,
keep going. Oh yes. I'm COMINNNGGGG!" Her whole body started to shiver and that
made me come a second time.

We fell on the bed and laid there in each others arms for a while, still
kissing and caressing our now very sensitive bodies. It was Carina who broke
the silence. "I love being with a woman," she whispered, "it's so different
from being with a guy. That being said I love men. This is just sex and lust,
don't read anything into it. I don't want to lead you on, I'm just being
honest."

"I understand," I said, "I've never done anything like this before. So I don't
know. It's okay to explore, isn't it?"

"More than okay," Carina laughed, "I wouldn't expect anything else from a
college student."

We fell asleep and the next morning I woke up in her arms. As soon as she
opened her eyes I said "Good morning." Carina smiled and kissed my forehead.
"It was nice last night, but it's time to go," she said, "my husband will be
home soon and --"

"I understand," I replied, "I will just take a shower and go home."

"Don't forget your new dress," she replied, "or it all was for nothing." I
giggled and stepped out the bed.

Having given into my urge that night had set me free, as I drove home I felt
truly liberated. I couldn't stop smiling all the way home. Little did I know it
was only the beginning, but that's another story.
