# Growing Up
_an erotic tale by Transgirl_

## Chapter One
"Just turn your head and look over your left shoulder," the photographer said.
It was my very first glamour shoot and I couldn't really believe that I was
actually doing this. My parents weren't really happy with it when I told them,
but I just couldn't just do this without telling them. My mother especially
wasn't pleases. "How can you? We didn't raise you this way," she said with
tears in her eyes. I felt sorry for her. "Mom, they are glamour photos, nothing
sexy or explicit. People kept telling me to think about modeling and this pays
the bills."

"That might be true," she said, "but having them published in a national
magazine for all people to see?" I hugged her and said "I know mom, I know. But
it's not that big of a deal anymore. Times have changed. And I didn't want to
do this without telling you." She just nodded and calmed down a little.

"Beautiful," the photographer said, "Just look into the camera now. Yes, like
that." After just another few photos I was finished for the day. I put on my
robes and walked towards the makeup area where they removed my makeup and I got
dressed into my regular clothes. It had been easier than I thought and I even
felt a little proud of myself. It had been a huge step for me and now I
actually had done it. All I could do now was to wait for the photos to be
published.

It had been a long road for me to get there. It all started in college when
people told me to start modeling. "You are so pretty," my best friend said, "I
am sure you could be a model." Nobody had ever said to me that I was pretty, at
least not straight to my face. It took me a few weeks before I actually looked
up agencies on the internet, then it took me another few weeks before I
contacted a few of them.

The first things I was hired for was to be an extra in some minor movies. As
far as I know they didn't even make it to the cinema's. Then I was hired for
some online fashion sites. All minor jobs but at least I could pay my way
through college from it.

After graduating I started to work more and more for the agency that had hired
me. Slowly the jobs got a little bigger and I got more exposure. The pinnacle
for me was when I saw my photo on the buses advertising for something dumb.
That campaign was sort of my break through. A national magazine for girls hired
me for a fashion shoot. They needed someone looking a little older as some of
the sister in the photos.

That shoot led to others all over the world and I made enough money to last me
a while. At one of those shoots I met Travis and we started dating for a while,
but me going off somewhere all the time put an end to it, until we met again on
another shoot. It was like meeting a very good friend again, it just felt so
right and we started dating again. This time it lasted, a year later we got
married.

Having this job, a boyfriend and a nice place to life made me believe that I
had made it. Now I wasn't a top-model or anything like that, I didn't walk the
catwalk or anything like that, but I was still quite successful doing what I
was doing.

We were on a shoot in Ibiza where I wore the tiniest of bikini's I had ever
worn. But in the comfort of the people I knew around me I didn't really care
that much. I was still wearing it, wasn't I? "Now," the photographer said, "we
have some clients that like the more _daring_ pictures. Would you be up for
it?" I looked at him confused as I it didn't really sink in what he had meant
by that. "You could take off your top, it's legal here and if we sell them they
could add up to a lot of money."

"No," I said almost immediately, "I'm not doing that. Wearing this has already
gone farther than I ever wanted."

He kept talking in to me and said "You know pictures like that could earn you
up to 5,000 dollars each, maybe even more if the bigger mags pick them up. I've
had girls sell them for 25,000 dollars or more. Just for a couple of pictures."

"I can't do that," I replied, "I wasn't raised that way. As I said to wear this
on a shoot has forced me to step over boundaries, I am NOT doing that. That's
final."

"Okay," he said finally, "Just think about it for a while. Maybe you will
change your mind."

"I wouldn't hold my breath," I replied a little angry.

Later that evening I told Travis about it fully expecting him to get angry or
at least be insulted, but he wasn't. He just smiled and said "So, what's the
problem? I mean how much of you was actually covered today? And if he's right,
it could mean a lot of money."

"What?! Are you serious right now? How can you even entertain this?"

"Think about it for a minute. You didn't want to do bikini shoots and I asked
you what the difference was between you wearing one on the beach versus you
wearing one on a shoot."

"Yes?"

"Think about it again. The more shoots like these you did the smaller they
became. The only extra thing you would be showing are your nipples, that's all
that was covered today, wasn't it?" I just stared at him, it was about time he
just stayed home when I was working. I just always felt so guilty leaving him
at a hotel whenever I went to work and he loved going with me, of course he
did, there were all these pretty girls there. Whenever I took him with me some
of them flocked around him and it always made me smile because at the end of
the day he got back in the car with me.

"I'm just not doing it. My parents have a hard time already with me doing this.
I can't do that to them, no way." I replied. My thoughts went back to my
childhood. It wasn't that I was raised particularly religious, but they had
taught me to be a _good catholic girl_ and even thinking about this made me
feel guilty.

Travis leaned forward and said "Just so you know. If you do decide to do it, it
would make me so proud of you. I mean, you already made one dream of mine come
true. I'm dating a real life model, every boys dream."

"Yeah, yeah, I know, you told me a million times. But I'm not a super model,
not by a long shot. And then there is this if I decided to really do this I can
wave goodbye to Cosmo and Vogue. If pictures like that were ever published they
would never ever hire me. And that's every aspiring models dream."

For the next few weeks everything that was said kept nagging me. The money they
offered was great, but I only saw the negative that could come from it. If I
were to do this one thing was for sure, I needed to tell my parents first and I
wasn't prepared nor willing to do that. I could already see the row it would
cause, maybe I would finally have gone too far for them. On the other hand my
mother had been so proud when she saw the first published bikini shoot. "You
look so beautiful," she said, she didn't even see the bikini I was modeling.

I was so anxious that I was literally shaking all over. Just another half an
hour and we would know how they would respond. Not that I had decided or
anything, I wanted to hear them first before I decided, still this was one of
the hardest things I had ever done in my life. Telling them I wanted to model
was hard, but this was just different. Their daughter was actually thinking
about being topless in photos that could be published nationwide and maybe even
all around the world.

"Mom, dad," I said when we sat down in their living room, "I've been -- this is
so hard, maybe this isn't a good idea."

"What sweetie?" my mother asked, "You've been what? You know you can tell us
anything, right?"

I nodded and said "Well, you know I was on this shoot in Ibiza right? Now, they
offered me a lot of money for something, which I immediately rejected by the
way, just so you know."

"For what? They offered you a lot of money for what?" my father asked.

"To go topless dad," I finally blurted it out, "They offered me 5,000 dollars
for two topless pictures."

"They did?" my father responded, "And you said no?"

"Carl!", my mother interjected, "This is Laura we're talking about. Not some
sleazy model. So, why didn't you?"

"What?" I was totally flabbergasted by their response. I had expected a lot,
went through all possible scenario's but this wasn't one of them. "Wait? What
are you saying?"

"Why didn't you? I mean it's a lot of money and you can't model for ever. You
should grab what you can, while you can."

"But mom," I replied, "I didn't because I thought it might hurt you and dad."

"Oh darling," my mother laughed, "We've gotten over that when you started
modeling. You've got your father to thank for that. He told me that this is
your life, not ours. And whatever you decide to do, we will support you. You
are still our baby and we love you no matter what. That's what parents do."

I still couldn't believe my ears. "So you guys wouldn't mind?"

"Oh yes we would. We would mind a lot. But you're an adult now and we have to
believe you have thought this through. So whatever you decide, it's okay with
us. It's like that first time you showed me that magazine you did just wearing
a bikini. Sure I noticed how naked you were, but you looked so beautiful and I
thought 'that's my baby'. And it this is what makes you happy, go for it."

I still couldn't believe it, then my father said "She gives me all the credit,
but you know what it really was? Her getting all those complements about you.
They all saw you in those magazines and they all said how beautiful you looked.
That's what made her change her mind, I just gave her the final nudge."

My mother slapped my fathers arm and said "Carl! You told me you would never
tell her. But it's true, I did find it nice to hear all those complements."

I just hugged them both and said "I still haven't decided, but thanks. You are
simply the best. I love you both so much."

In the months after my contract with the agency expired and I switched to a
new one. "So," the woman who interviewed me said, "Why do you want to switch?
You had a good thing there."

"Yes, I know. But I've been working for them for years now and I want to spread
my wings a little, so to say. I'm done modeling bikini's and that's all I
seemed to do lately. I want to go back to fashion or maybe even some film. The
latter they didn't offer at all and you do."

"Yes, that's true," she said, "And it's a good portfolio and you've done some
amazing work. But we do dabble in somewhat different realms too. Would that be
a problem?"

"Depends on what it is," I replied, "I can't say for sure whether I would want
it or not."

"That's fair," she replied, "For instance. We have a client who is more into
the _glamour_ side of modeling, still nice, artistic photos but a little more
skin so to say."

"Even more than I showed in some of those bikini's?" I replied.

"You could say that. Let's say the artist wanted you to stand in a window, only
covered by silk curtains, still covered but see through. A classy photo,
nothing sleazy. Would you do it?"

I looked down, thought for a moment and said "I've been struggling with this
for a while, even talked to my parents about this and if the photo was indeed
classy, not explicit in any way, then I might. Depends on who the artist is and
how many people are there to watch. I might want it to be just the artist and
me, I hope that's not a problem?"

"Not at all," she replied with a smile, "I know at least one of my clients have
asked me whether I had signed you. Until now I had to so no, but I feel that's
about to change."

We talked for a while longer, about contracts, money and everything else that
came along with being a model. "Wow," she said finally, "Now I do believe you
graduated business school. I've never had to bargain that hard before, not even
with bigger models than you. But -- do we have a deal?"

I looked at her, smiled and said "I believe we do." We shook hands and after
reading the contract I signed. "It was nice doing business with you, Miss
Ray."

"Oh please, Marisha, call me Marisha. Now, let's talk some more business. I
have this client who is looking for someone like you. It would be so nice to
offer you to them. It's not a bikini shoot, just plain fashion, but I'm sure if
I mention your name they would be willing to part with a larger amount of
money. Now, the artist will be Liam, he's wonderful and as gay as they come.
I'm saying that because after the shoot is over he could take you somewhere
nice and shoot some nice _glamours_. That way we could start an extra
portfolio, for when a potential client comes along who's looking for it. Liam
owes me a favor, what do you think?"

"It might help me too," I replied, "Although I've decided to step over that
hurdle, I'm still on the way up so to say. And if it's just the two of us --"

"Wonderful, I will call him immediately."

The photo shoot went like any other I had been on, the client was elated when
they heard I would be one of the models. Some of the girls were even impressed
by my arrival, such a strange feeling I wasn't that famous. When I sat in
makeup one of the girls came up to me, handed me one of the magazines with my
photo and asked if I would sign it. "Sure, to whom?" "Cindy" _To Cindy, love
Laura_ I wrote and signed the photo. She was simply elated and I smiled to see
her so happy.

After the shoot Liam sat at his laptop going over the photos for a while, I was
just out of makeup when he shouted "Okay, I'm done. Please, where are my
camera's? You will take care of the rest, ja? Good." He leaned over to me and
said "Still want to do the other thing?" I nodded and he handed me a piece of
paper. "Go there, it's where I live and we have a very private backyard. It's
perfect." He turned around again and shouted "Where are my camera's? I am not
leaving without them. Ah, there they are. Thank you. It's been wonderful
people, I'm out of here. Bye bye now."

I said my goodbyes too and said to the girl who asked for my autograph "Keep it
up, you did good today." She jumped for joy and ran to her parents. I waved to
them and got into my car.

It was about an hours drive and when I parked on the driveway a flamboyant man
stormed out. "Well, well, this must be the Laura my husband has been talking
about. Welcome, welcome. I'm Sam, Liams better half. I'm the real artist here,
I paint. Wow, girl, you look nice! Spin for me, honey. Wow. You should model
for me one day, yes. I've got plenty of ideas already. Come on in, come on in.
Liam isn't home yet. Can I get you anything? My God girl, so nice to meet you.
How are you? Good? Good. Well, this is our house. What do you thing? Nice,
isn't it. All my idea. But listen to me rambling on. Did I already ask if you
wanted anything? Something to eat maybe?"

"A soda would be nice," I replied, "It's been warm all day."

"Yes it was, I stayed in. Can't stand the heat really, makes my hair all
frizzy. Well, a wine it is."

"Oh no," I replied, "I need to drive home. So a juice?"

"A juice it is," Sam disappeared into the kitchen as Liam stepped in.

"Ah, you're already here. Sam? We have a guest. Did you offer her something to
drink?"

"What do you think I am? Dumb?" Sam said while he walked in with three glasses
of juice. "Come, come, let's sit for a minute. Tell me all about you. Who's
your father? Who's your mother? Any siblings? Where did you go to school?"

"Ryan, Mary, No siblings and Lincoln High followed by Kingston College."

"Kingston?" Sam exclaimed, "Did you hear that Liam? She only went to Kingston.
Like it's nothing. What did you study?"

"Business school."

"Whoa, a genuine business lady. And now you're a model. How did that come
about?"

"Well, I was looking for a job and people recommended me to try modeling. So
finally I did and it payed for college. When I graduated I just went full-time
so I could pay off my debt. Apparently I didn't stop when that was paid."

"No," Sam said, "Why should you stop a good thing?"

Somehow this flamboyant man was so comfortable to talk to, maybe because he
seemed so open himself. "Shell we start?" Liam asked at some point.

"That's my queue to leave," Sam said, "You two be play nice or mama will be
right in, okay?"

"You don't have to leave," I replied.

"Oh yes I do. We've promised each other never to be there when we work, he
doesn't go into my studio and I will not enter his domain over there. So, just
holler when it's all over and we could maybe have a bite to eat. Oh, that
reminds me, do you have a boyfriend?"

"A husband, Travis," I answered.

"Ah, well maybe call him and we could have a nice dinner together, I'll start
cooking right away," Sam said and a walked away.

"When he has set his mind to something, better not argue. Trust me, I've
learned it the hard way," Liam laughed. Liam asked if I had brought something
to wear and I nodded yes. "Pleas, use the bathroom to change. You can use Sam's
stuff if you need any. I'm sure he doesn't mind."

When I stepped into the bathroom I was simply amazed, this man had more makeup
than I did. Something that made me smile. I changed into my outfit and borrowed
some of Sam's makeup. When I stepped out Liam wasn't in the living room
anymore, but the door to the backyard was open and I walked outside. It was a
beautiful garden, flowers in all kinds of colors everywhere. On the far end was
a pergola, with silk sheets along the four poles. Underneath stood a couch that
seemed really comfortable. In front of it a low table with a beautiful bouquet
of flowers. It was just so beautiful.

Liam was doing something with the camera and the lights he had set up. He
looked at me when I walked up to him and he said "You look beautiful. Nervous?"

I nodded. Liam chuckled and said "Well it's a good thing I'm gay then, that
should make it a little easier. Please sit down so I can do the final lighting
settings." I sat down on the couch and watched him as he went from light to
light adjusting them slightly every time. "This will do," he said.

Nerves started racing through my body. "Are you sure?" Liam asked when he saw
how nervous I was. I nodded and said "This is as good a time as any. At least
there's nobody watching us, that makes it a little easier."

Liam gave me instructions how to sit and how to hold my head and such. Slowly I
got more comfortable with it and I opened my blouse a little. Photo after photo
he took and in the end I was left with just the lingerie I had put on just
minutes before. "Stand near the post and just look out somewhere, yes. Now
turn your head towards the camera, tilt it a bit down and look into the lens.
Like that, yes, this is so good. If you're ready, just take of your bra. I will
just shoot as you go along. Like that yes, hold it, wow, this is nice. Before I
knew it I held up my bra with my arm and stared straight into the camera.

The next photo I dropped my bra on the couch and stood there topless as Liam
shot photos. "Yes, now with a nice smile, oh yes, to a Marilyn, oh wow, you
naughty girl, yes." The last photos he took was off me laying on the couch and
before I knew it he said "I think we've got it. You can get dressed now. This
was so good. How was it for you?"

"It got easier as we went along. Once I was in my underwear I was sort of over
it. Thank you for making this as pleasant as possible for me."

"Not that I have any clue but I really thing this could become something."

I went into the bathroom again and changed into my regular clothes again. When
Sam came into the room he said "Someone's been using my makeup, looks good
girl. Did you call Travis?"

"I send him a text earlier, he said he was on his way."

"Nice," Sam said, "We have a guestroom and it's always ready. So if you want a
wine?"

"I would have to talk to Travis first," I replied, "I don't know if he has
plans."

"Well, let me know and I'll open a bottle," Sam said, "Dinner will be ready in
half an hour. How was playtime?"

Travis arrived about 20 minutes later and was greeted by Sam the way I was
greeted, with a lot of questions. It made me chuckle, Sam surely loved company
and was very welcoming. We had a wonderful dinner, Sam is an incredible cook,
which we completed with some glasses of wine. Travis had agreed to spend the
night. "We haven't done something like this for a long time," he had said, "I
just need to get up early."

"Wow, that's great," Sam said, "Maybe I can show you the studio tomorrow." I
didn't have anything to do any way, so I laughingly agreed. It was a lovely
night we spent in their lovely garden. I could actually live here, I thought at
some point, it was all so peaceful there. It was just around midnight when we
went to bed, Travis had to get up an hour earlier so he could drive home to
change and go to work. I stayed up a little longer and silently sneaked in bed
when I was ready.

Then next morning Travis left just after 6 in the morning and I kissed him good
bye "I will see you tonight," I said, "I love you." I went to bed for a little
longer only to get up when I heard some noises coming from the bathroom next to
the guest room. I sat in the living room wearing a robe they had provided us.

"Ah, good morning," Sam said, "It's nice to see another early bird. Liam will
get up in an hour or two. Want some coffee?" I nodded and followed him into
their incredible kitchen. It had all functionality and still was warm and cozy.
He ground beans in a mill and prepared a kettle to make coffee. "Nothing like
real fresh coffee," he said, "it will not take long."

"How did you and Liam meet?" I asked.

"Oh, that's a long story. We met in college and I actually couldn't stand him.
I was still in the closet back then and being confronted by someone who was
openly gay, wasn't something I was ready for. It took me another year or two to
come out and I've embraced it ever since."

"What did your parents say?"

"My parents? What all parents say, they just wanted me to be happy. It took
them a while to really accept it. Now my mother wears pride shirts, goes to
pride and helps people who need it. They call her _the mom of gays_. I am so
proud of her."

"That's so nice, now when did you and Liam become a couple?"

"That's a funny story. I was at a party and I had just come out. And there he
was leaning against a wall. He looked so handsome, he looked over at me,
greeted me and went home with another guy. I was devastated. I talked to my
best friend back then, a nice girl named Marisha, she comforted me. Then all of
a sudden I heard this voice behind me. 'Want to dance?' he asked. At first I
thought he was asking Marisha, but then she said 'I don't think so'. I looked
up and there he was: Liam."

"But he went home with that guy, didn't he?"

"Yes," Sam said, "When we were dancing I asked him about that. You know what he
said?" I shook my head and Sam continued "'Yeah, my nephew had to go home and I
promised his mom that I would drop him off.'"

"What?"

"Yes, that handsome boy was his nephew, I didn't know that. I had been jealous
of his nephew, who by the way is totally married now to a lovely woman and they
have three kids."

I chuckled "No way, you made that up."

"Yes, I did. The real story is so boring. Boy meets boy, they fall in love and
get married when it was finally allowed."

"Oh you," I threw an apple at him.

"Hey now," Sam laughed, "Throwing fruit is only allowed to people we like. An
you are one of those people, so I think I just made totally no sense at all."

He poured me a cup of coffee and we chatted for a while longer. It's not often
that you meet someone you like from the start, that was how I felt about Sam.
We somehow clicked and I felt so comfortable around him. I took a shower and
put on the clothes I had worn for the photos the previous day, they were just
so comfortable. When I walked into the garden Sam said "Wow girl, you clean up
nicely. I see you've been using my makeup again. That's okay, at least it gets
used now."

He showed me around the studio and I jokingly said when I saw the red couch in
there "Where did you want me?" Sam pointed to the couch and sat down with a
sketchbook. Ten minutes later he showed me the result, it was just beautiful.
"Mind you," he said, "it's just a rough sketch. But this is how it could look
like. I wasn't joking last night, I really would like to paint you one of these
days."

"Why not now?" I replied.

"Oh, I don't know if you would be up for it."

"Try me."

"I've been thinking about something for a while now and just couldn't find
anybody who fitted what's in my head. You do, from the moment I saw you I knew
it has to be you."

"Yes, and?"

"Well, I really want to paint a nude. Something style full, like the
impressionists did. All I need is a rough sketch on a canvas, the rest I will
do from memory. It's an impression of how you looked."

I got up, undressed and said "Where did you want me?"

"Wow, just like that?"

"Just like that. Liam already saw all of this, so why shouldn't you? I mean,
there's nothing here that interests you any way."

"That's true." He continued telling me how he wanted me to lie down on the
couch and I stayed there for almost an hour. It was strange seeing him ogle me
like that, but I knew he was looking at me in a different way, the way a
painter studied his subject.

As I was getting dressed again I asked "Can I see it?"

"When it's done," he replied, "Travis told me your anniversary is coming up and
this would make a nice gift for him, don't you think?"

"Yes, and for me too." I added.

I stayed for half the day and when I left I knew we had made some new, good
friends. I mean they both had seen me naked now so how couldn't they be? While
I was driving home I just couldn't stop smiling. They were an odd couple, but
somehow they had made it work and they were just perfect for each other. As I
drove along the beautiful seashore back to the town we lived in I could feel
that I had changed, I had overcome my biggest hurdle yet and I knew that I had
liked it.

## Chapter Two
It had been months since I had signed with the new agency and all I had done
were some small photo shoots, mostly for online shops selling clothes. The
friendship with Sam and Liam had only grown and I spent many a day there, just
relaxing in their beautiful garden. All in all it was just an hours drive from
where we lived. Most of those days Liam was out working and Sam was doing his
thing in his studio. It was nice just to be me with them, they became more like
my brothers than friends.

The first real job I got offered was a lingerie shoot and because of the money
they offered I couldn't say no. I was rather anxious about it, but somehow
excited too. The days leading up to it I just couldn't think about anything
else, this was the most sexy _official_ shoot I had done and I really didn't
know how I would respond.

Luckily they didn't ask me to join a group of girls, showing off the sets they
were wearing. I had indicated I wasn't ready to those kinds of things, yet. The
shoot leader said she understood and used me for mostly all single photos. I
had to change from one outfit to the other, then a new face, different
hairstyle and off I went again. At first I used the booth they had created to
change, in the end I didn't bother anymore. All the girls had already seen me
in the most sexy lingerie and I wasn't really revealing all that much.

When I drove home after I felt like I had conquered another mountain, sure I
had been topless in Liams photos, but this had been a shoot that actually would
be published online for some lingerie shop.

After that shoot many others followed, all lingerie shoots and I started to
really like it. Most off all I got used to being naked in front of a bunch of
people, they all knew why I was there and that this was nothing more than a
job. It helped me a lot to know they all acted professionally, some even looked
a bit bored. I wasn't showing them anything they hadn't seen thousands of times
before.

One shoot I almost walked away, they had hired me for another lingerie shoot
but when I walked on the set I saw a dark man standing underneath the lights.
"What's this?" I asked. "Oh, we thought of a theme yesterday, he's in the shoot
too." I couldn't believe it, without talking to me? "No, no, no," I said, "This
isn't what we agreed upon."

The leader of the shoot took me to the side and said "I understand that this
comes as a surprise to you, but we are willing to double your price. We really
want to show how beautiful all races can be. We've also hired some beautiful
dark girls, they will be shooting with white counterparts. The sets we are
selling are called _Contrast_ and they are supposed to contrast your skin, so
no blacks, reds, blues. But more natural colors."

"I really have to talk to my husband about this," I replied, "I only agreed to
do this if I was the only one in the shot. Why didn't you call me?"

"It was so late," he said, "and we didn't even know whether you were flying or
driving or maybe even sleeping. We thought we might discuss it with you today,
look if you decide not to do it we are prepared to pay you half. We made some
mistakes to and we are willing to own up to it. But, if you do agree we will
double your wages."

"Let me thing about it and call my husband," I replied. He nodded and walked
away. "Let her be for a moment," he said to one of the assistants, "Let's just
start with Naomi." The other model was called and they started their session,
what they did was looking good and I called Travis.

"Hey, yes I'm at the shoot. They blindsided me, though. When I walked on the
set there was this guy standing as they adjusted the lights and stuff. I asked
what was going on and they told me he was going to be my partner in the
photos."

"What? And they didn't call you?"

"No, some lame excuse about it being late and stuff. They offered to double the
money though and when I leave I will still get half. What do you think?"

"Well, it isn't that he's touching you inappropriately, is he?"

"No, not as far as I know. They are shooting another girl right now and he has
his hand on her waist mostly."

"Well, the take the money. It will be over before you know it."

"Do you really think so?"

"Yes, just draw the line at inappropriate touching. When they ask him to do
anything you don't want, just say so and walk away. Just tell them beforehand
you will do so."

"I'm really not comfortable with this."

"I know honey, but you weren't comfortable wearing lingerie either and look
what you are doing. I think you are growing, embracing your sexuality as a
woman and I am so proud of you for it."

I waved the leader to me and told him where I would draw the line. "This isn't
that kind of shoot," he laughed, "You just have to act sexy. Look Lionel is a
professional, he's done this many times before. This way we get to show our
line for men and women."

With even more anxiety I walked into the dressing area for girls and greeted
everybody. One of the makeup girls I had worked with before and I sat down in
her chair. "This is something, right?" she said as she pulled my hair back, "I
saw you talking and I know you only do solo. So why did you agree?"

"I talked to my husband," I replied, "And he was his usual stupid self with all
that making sense bullshit. Oh I hate it when he makes sense."

The girl laughed and said "You must really love him."

"Why do you say that?"

"Because only someone who really loves someone can get frustrated about such a
little thing."

I started to laugh and said "You know what? You are right. Thank you. You made
me relax a little. Let's just get this over with." She did my makeup and my
hair. I got handed I very nice set of lingerie and when I looked at myself in
the mirror I really liked it. "This is so beautiful," I sighed as I stepped
into the heels I was supposed to wear with them. I put on one of the robes and
walked over to the set.

The just finished the set with Naomi and Lionel stepped up to the plate. I took
a deep breath and walked up to him. "Hi, I'm Lionel," he said, "I will be
playing your partner today."

"Hi, Laura. I was unpleasantly surprised by this. I haven't done shoots like
this before so I'm a bit nervous."

"Don't be," he replied, "I won't do anything my wife doesn't want me to do."

"You're married?" I just blurted out.

"Oh, yes Naomi is my wife. You saw here earlier."

"Naomi is your wife? Wow, such a beautiful couple. Congratulations, she's just
drop dead gorgeous."

"Thank you, I was hoping you would say the same about me, but we can't have
everything, I guess."

"Oh, I am so sorry. Nerves, remember? I always say stupid things when I'm
nervous." Lionel laughed and the photographer asked for our attention. It was
nice for him to give us a moment to get to know each other a little. It sure
helped me a lot and I felt more relaxed. He told us what he expected us to do
and the shoot started. At first Lionel and I stood across from each other only
our hands touching. "Try to look in love, the both of you. This is **the**
night, you are going to have sex and this is what leads up to it."

As the shoot went on we got closer and closer to each other, until his hand was
on my belly and my back against him. I could clearly feel the bulge in his
pants against my hip. As requested I turned my head towards him and he bent his
head like he was about to kiss me. I raised my right hand and put it around his
neck.

His arm now was across my belly from left to right, his hand resting on my
right hip. Pulling me even closer as he did so. I felt my nipples harden, but
kept it professional during the shoot. The last photo our lips nearly touched,
I could feel his breath on them. "That's it! Thank you! 25 minutes everybody!
25 minutes. Thank you Laura, this was just the best. I think out client will
love these. You might just have done the best shoot of the day. Thank you."

Lionel let me go and I turned to him. "Thank you for being a professional," I
said, "Thank you for making this easy for me."

"I could say the same thing," he replied, "You made it easy for me. Normally I
can feel the girls tremble. I mean a strange man is touching them, but you
didn't. You embraced it."

"Well, I was playing your partner and this is a little bit of acting."

"Yes, you're right. Well thank you again, even my wife seemed to like it."

I turned my head and saw Naomi standing there with a big smile on her face. "I
heard you were good," she said, "But this? This was on another level. Hi, I'm
Naomi."

"Yes, Lionel told me. Laura, pleased to meet you."

"Wow, Marisha wasn't lying when she told me to watch you work. How do you do
that? Losing yourself like that."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, I really believed you were about to kiss my husband. I really did. Mind
you, it would have been the last thing you ever did, but I did believe it."

I chuckled and said "Acting classes. It's all about telling a story in just one
picture, isn't it? A friend of mine told me that, he's a painter. What we do is
just like painting, only quicker."

"I have to remember that one. Telling a story in just one picture. I like
that. Well, it was so nice meeting you Laura. We're off, got another shoot this
afternoon. Bye."

Lionel walked up to her fully dressed and they left. The leader of the shoot
asked if I had a moment. "Laura, this was so good. We've got another shoot
coming up soon, in a week or two. I was wondering if you might be up for it.
What I saw today you would be the best for it. It's just a little more -- nude,
shall I say."

"How much are you offering?"

"Three times what we originally offered you today."

I whistled and asked "When do you need an answer? And please go through the
agency next time."

"We will," he replied, "I just thought while you were here I'd just ask. But
of course we will tell Marisha all about it too. Let's say this Friday at the
latest? Will that be okay?"

"More than okay," I replied, "Am I still needed for something?"

"No, you are done for today. Thanks and drive safely." He took a few steps and
said "That set you're wearing? Do you like it?" I nodded and he said "Then it's
yours. At least we don't have to wash it. Well, it was nice working with you."

## Chapter Three
The days in between the shoots I really needed to make up my mind whether I
wanted to go through with it. I mean the money was nice and all, but I had to
set my boundaries somewhere. I was still young enough to do the work I had been
doing for some years more and when I retired I had set my mind on opening my
own agency. At least I was doing something with my business degree then.

I had some really long talks with Travis about it and he just said what he
always said "You won't know until you try it. You can always walk away." He
knew as well as I did doing something like that was career ending. No
photographer would want to work with you anymore. Despite us being the models
it was the photographer who was dubbed the artist and he or she had the final
say.

The shoot was just two days before our anniversary and Sam had planned it all
out for us. "All you have to do is come," he had said. When my parents came to
visit we had introduced them to the boys, as we called them. My mother was
totally smitten by Sam and my dad seemed to like to talk to Liam. "See? All
women are drawn to Sam. He's the girl of the two." I said to Travis.

After a long discussion with Marisha I had decided to at least go to the shoot,
she said "Look Laura, we've been good for each other and you could have just
taken this money. But you told them to call me and I am so grateful for that.
So I arranged the following. If you go and back out, they won't sue. It is
breach of contract after all. I told them this was going to be your first one
like this and I told them how you've struggled to get this far. I don't want to
push you to do anything you do not want to do. I did once and it almost broke
me."

"It did. What happened?"

"Oh, I thought I could do one of those more _explicit_ shoots. Not porn, no
nothing like that. Just a little more explicit, showing my vagina a little
more. I did everything they asked because I thought I had to, after those
photos were published in one of those sleazy magazines. My career as a normal
model was over. I only got offers from the _adult_ industry. I simply refused
and was out of a job. That's when I started this and it's been one of my best
decisions in my life. I love doing this."

"Wow, thanks. I am sorry it happened."

"It was all for the best. If I had agreed to do those other shoots who knows
what I would be today. A former porn star? In the gutter somewhere? If you
thought modeling had an age limit, try being in porn."

I chuckled. I loved how open and direct Marisha was. She didn't beat around the
bush, she went straight in for the kill. That's what made her such a good
agent. And I really wanted to believe we had grown to be more than just agent
and client.

I was so anxious and scared as I drove to the shoot. Travis wanted to come for
moral support but I didn't want him to. "If you are there I will not do it," I
said, "I'm not going to stand there with another man while my husband is
watching. No way! Please don't come. I'm begging you."

"Okay, okay, just promise me you'll behave," he chuckled.

The shoot was in some mansion they had rented. Slowly the landscape changed
from flat to more mountainous. It was just so beautiful there. I marveled at
the view I had from the driver side window as my car slowly climbed up the
meandering road. The house was almost hidden between the rocks and it was one
of the most beautiful houses I had ever seen. I parked my car next to one of
the vans and walked up the stairs leading up to the house.

I felt quite anxious and my nerves were racing, I had to resist the urge to
just get back in the car. Just as I was to ring the doorbell someone opened the
door for me "Laura!", she said, "so nice to see you again. We worked together
on the Livera shoot the other day." I tried to remember her name, but couldn't
remember it. She placed her hand on her chest and said "Bailee, it's Bailee"

"Oh of course, so sorry. I meet a lot of people and am really bad with names."

"That's okay. Please follow me, the girls are ready for you."

I followed her to the room that was dedicated to be the dressing room. Once in
there the shoot leader walked in after me. "Hey Laura, good to see you. It's so
nice to finally be working with you. I'm Veronica and we've got a little
surprise for you today. Liam will be working with you, he said the two of you
knew each other?"

I sighed a breath of relieve when I heard his name. "Yes, we're friends. Can't
wait to see him."

Veronica smiled and said "Well, your dressing room is over there and you'll
find what you'll be wearing in there as well. Danny, your partner in this
shoot, is already waiting for you and you two will have some time to get to
know each other a little before we start, okay? We think it's going to take
most of the day to finalize everything. Well, I'll leave you girls to it then.
See you back in there."

I went into the dressing room and gasped when I saw the only ting in there was
a thong. I shouldn't have been surprised at all, but I was. Seeing just a thong
was somewhat confronting with reality. I quickly changed into my new _outfit_
and put on a robe they had left there for me. I sat down in the makeup chair
and tried to relax by chatting with the girls. "Just relax," the girl doing my
makeup said, "We're all professionals here and we've seen it all. It's just a
job. Just try to have fun with it."

"That's easier said than done," I replied, "You're not the one being
photographed. But thank you for trying."

I walked onto the set and went over to Liam. "Hey handsome," I said, "I didn't
know you did these."

Liam looked up and said "I didn't. But they offered me a lot of money and you
know how easy I can be bought. And then they told me I would be working with
you, so I thought it might be a little easier for you if I were here."

"Thank you," I replied, "It does help a lot. If there's someone I trust with
that camera it's you. Thank you for doing this."

Danny was standing nearby and we talked for a little while. He was very
handsome and had caring blue eyes. This could certainly be someone I could have
a date with, I thought. Veronica asked for our attention and said "People,
people. As always we do the hardest shoot first. So please, do not laugh when
the models stumble a little. This isn't easy for them at any time. When this
shoot is done, we will prepare the dining room, then the kitchen. We are
telling a story people and we tell that story in photos. As long as the shoot
is going Liam will be in charge, if there's anything you want done come to me.
Is everything clear? Good. Let's start then."

Liam took the camera in his hand and said "Okay, the two of you are in the
bedroom and about to make out. So please, lose the robe and we will start. And
Laura? Please have some fun with it. He's the one you love and you just had a
very nice dinner together. It's date night and someone is going to get lucky."

I took a deep breath and took off my robe. Liam told us where to stand and how
to pose. I was on one side of the bed and Danny stood in the doorway. With my
finger I told him to get closer. After every flash of the lights Liam gave more
instructions until I had my arms around his neck, his arms on my waist and our
forehead touching. "Okay, just press your lips together like you are kissing.
Oh yes, like that." Another flash of the lights. "Danny stand with your back to
the bed and Laura, place your right index finger on his chest like you are
about to push him on it. Yes, like that. Tilt you had a little down and look up
at him with your eyes. Slight smile, oh yes, that's it."

All this time my heart was racing, but now we were this far in a relaxed a
little. I pushed Danny a little too hard and he fell on the bed. Flash went the
lights "Great, great, have some fun with it Laura. Go for it. Yes. Nice, keep
that knee on the bed and hold." Flash. I stepped on the bed and my breasts were
near his face as Liam kept shooting photos. Danny looked at me and I at him, I
felt myself getting a little aroused at this time. I shouldn't be, but I was.
Somehow this all was so exciting. "Just bent over like you are about to kiss
him. Yes, oh yes. Move your left hand a little lower on his belly. Like that
yes. Just a little lower." My hand went down until I felt the rim of his
boxers, before I knew it my hand was next to the bulge in it.

"Danny lift your head up just a little, like you are about to kiss her boobs.
Yes, like that. Hold it." Flash. Then Liam asked me to lay down and Danny to
lay on his side next to me. His hand touched my belly and with every photo it
went up, until he just about touched my left breast. "Just a little more up,
yes. Now hold it." Danny had now placed his hand underneath my breast and held
it up. We stared into each others eyes and at that moment, right there I felt
something so utterly wrong. I wanted to kiss him for real. I wanted him to
touch me all over and I wanted him to fuck me. But I kept it real and
professional. I didn't say anything.

Then Liam asked for me to turn my back to Danny and for him to get closer to
me. I could feel his bulge in against my ass and I was so sure it had grown. I
placed my right leg over Danny and an assistant placed a silk sheet over the
crucial part. "We're just suggesting people, this is NOT a porn shoot. Now act
like he's penetrating you Laura. Oh yes, like that. Lick your lips like you
like it. Place your right and on his cheek and turn your head like you are
about to kiss him. Oh yes, yes. This is so good.

Under the sheet I could feel him bump against my ass and I turned my hips
towards him. I looked him in the eyes as through the fabrics of our underwear
his penis touched my labia. What they didn't see was Danny taking out his cock
and pressing his crown against my wet pussy. The tip went slightly inside me,
the reason I could act like he was penetrating me was because at that moment he
actually did.

The last shots we took were of us _pretending_ to have sex. What actually
happened was that during those last shots, his penis was deep inside me. When
Liam called it cuts. He quickly pulled out and I still don't know how he hid it
that fast. Before I knew he was already walking back to his dressing room
wearing a robe. I pulled the sheets over me and waited for the assistant to
bring me a robe too. Then I walked back to my room and stepped into the
bathroom next to it. I sat there for a couple of minutes with my head in my
arms. What had I done? This had gone way too far. But I got taken away by the
scene and it had felt so good. Just feeling him inside me as all those people
were watching and didn't even know what was happening? It was so exciting.

I had to shake it off for the rest of the shoot. What followed where the scenes
leading up to the bedroom scene. I was dressed in a beautiful white dress, with
heels and we acted out what went on before. After a full day of work I kissed
Liam goodbye and walked back to my car. I felt like I wanted to cry and just
down the mountain I parked my car and actually did. What had I done? What was I
going to tell Travis? I couldn't keep this from him? He would know something
was up with me, he just knew me too well.

I decided to talk to Sam first, I needed his input. The moment he saw me he
said "Oh honey, what's wrong? Did something happen? Come in, come in." Again I
burst into tears. We sat down in the living room and I started to talk. About
the shoot and how happy I was that Liam was there.

"We did the bedroom scene first and I don't know what happened. But we acted
like we were having sex and it was all covered by sheets and all."

"So what happened then?"

I looked at Sam with tears in my eyes. "I wanted him. I was so excited, with my
leg over his hip and all. I could feel him against my ass. We looked at each
other, like Liam wanted us too. Danny and I just clicked at that moment and he
knew that I wanted it. So he took it out without anyone noticing and pushed it
in."

"What?"

"I don't know what came over me. It just happened. The last photos we took I
had him inside me, Sam, I really did. I'm feeling so guilty now. I never should
have done this shoot, never. I don't want to hurt Travis, but I did today. How
am I going to tell him? He will leave me for sure."

"My God Laura. This is some shit. It really is. But I think honesty is always
the best policy. You can't hide this from him. This will just eat you alive and
trust me, I've been there. One time I was just a little to drunk and I cheated
on Liam. I didn't tell him, acted like nothing had happened. But he knew, he
know. So when I finally told him he got mad, as is to expected. But then he did
something amazing. He forgave me. He told me he knew I hadn't done it on
purpose and that it just happened. Spur of the moment, kind of thing. We had a
long talk about it and now we allow ourselves one escapade a month. And strange
as it may sound, it brought us closer together. Ever since that day we are
totally honest to each other and tell each other everything and I do mean
everything."

"That's nice, but Travis isn't like that," I replied, "For him the sanctity of
marriage is sacred."

"Well, I think he might surprise you," Sam said, "I mean if it was that sacred
he would never have agreed to let you do this shoot. God, he would never have
agreed to bikini shoots."

Sam, like always, made sens and he seemed to know people. Still I wasn't
convinced. "Do you want me to call him? Invite him over? Or do you want me to
come with you?" Sam asked. I just shook my head "No, I have to do this on my
own. It won't be easy, but I really have to do this. As you said I wouldn't be
able to hide it."

We sat there for a few minute before I said "Please do not tell Liam. I want to
tell him myself. But first I have to talk to my husband. Thank you, you're a
good friend Sam. I love you."

Sam smiled and said "I love you too, sister. And please call me, tell me how it
went."

Driving home was already hard enough, the hardest part was yet to come. I sat
in my car for a few minutes before I stepped out and walked into the apartment
building. I went straight into the elevator and walked towards our apartment on
auto pilot. I took a deep breath before I opened the door. Travis was working
in his office and I asked him if we could talk. He said "Just a minute. Yes, I
agree. But we need to make these changes to make the engine safe and reliable.
At the moment it just isn't. Okay, well just do them and I will check on them
tomorrow. Yes. Thank you. See you tomorrow."

It took a few minutes more before he walked in and I asked him to sit down next
to me. "Travis, please hear me out. I really need to tell you this, I couldn't
live with myself if I kept this from you. You've been so good to me and I love
you so much, but I have to be honest."

"Yes," he said a little concerned, "Are we breaking up?"

"Oh no, not if I can help it. But you've given me so much, the freedom to do
these shoots. You always supported me and have earned that I am honest with
you. I owe you that much. You know what kind of shoot I did today, don't you?"
Travis nodded and I was so happy he didn't say anything but listen.

"Well, I was working with this guy Danny and we had to act like we were in
love, had a nice dinner and all. Well, we also did a bedroom scene. I was only
wearing a thong. Liam was the photographer and he made me feel more
comfortable, I like working with him. But in the final shots we were covered 
by sheets and I felt him against me. I mean --"

"His penis?"

"Yes. And then it just happened. We looked at each other and before I knew it,
he --"

"He what?"

"He, this is so hard, I was swept away by the situation and I didn't react the
way I should have."

"What are you telling me?"

"In the last shots we had to act like we were having sex. All covert by the
sheets, only suggesting we were. But it was so easy, because he was inside me,
Travis. I had his penis inside me and I wanted him to." I started crying again,
the word was out. I had told him and all I could do know was wait for him to
respond. He did the worst thing he could have done. He just turned away, bent
forward resting his arms on his knees shaking his head. He sat there for almost
ten minutes.

Slowly he said "So, you had some guys dick in your pussy and all those people
were watching? Didn't they notice?" I was dumbfounding by this and really
didn't know how to respond. He turned to me and said "How couldn't they have
noticed?"

"Aren't you angry? Why are you asking me that?"

"Because I think it's strange that nobody noticed."

"Is that all you got from this? I mean --"

Travis took my hands and said "Laura, how long have we known each other?"

"6 years."

"And you still think I don't know you? Come on Laura? You ought to know better
by now. The only reason that I supported you in all off this was because I knew
you wanted to do this. You were the only one who either didn't know or was
denying it. If I would have thought otherwise I would never have done anything
I did."

"What do you mean?"

"Okay, remember the first time we went to a shoot together? Remember that guy
we met in the hotel. That was the first time I noticed you were flirting with
him."

"No, I wasn't. I don't even remember him."

"Oh yes, you were. I flicked your hair, added a little bounce to your step.
Laughing at his stupid jokes, arcing your back just a little more. Maybe you
didn't know you were doing it, but you did. And I know I should have been
jealous, gotten angry, but the truth is I loved it. All I thought was, you can
look buddy but she's coming home with me."

"Really?"

"Yes, and then I noticed it more and more. Like when we went to the beach. You
wanted to lay down next to those young men, even insisted I laid down on the
other side. I gave them a little show when you applied sun screen to your skin.
Those guys were all looking at you. And you loved it, I could see. I just laid
down and smiled. Again thinking: you can look but -- you know the rest."

"No, this can't be true. I am nothing like that."

"Oh but you are. And I love you for it. Just the fact that you don't even know
makes it even more attractive. You are just so oblivious to how men look at
you, it goes right over your head. Men like that, at least most men do. Some of
us like women who know they are pretty, but men like me? We like the girl next
door, the one who doesn't know she's pretty and attractive."

I blushed a little. Was he telling me the truth?

"Look, I don't want you to change that ever. If you get cocky it is the end of
the spell you put on men. I'm just telling you how it is. And now its my turn
to be honest." He looked me in the eyes and said "I know I won't ever satisfy
you, sexually. It's nice that you pretend I do, but I know better. I know when
you are faking it, trust me I do. I've seen how you _peak_ when you are playing
with a toy just before we do it. And I do appreciate you wanting to make me
feel better. It makes the times I do help you _peak_ that more special to me."

It was true, I couldn't deny it. I had faked it a few times just to make Travis
feel good. But I was always told men couldn't spot the difference, clearly
Travis knew me to well.

"Now," he said, "about what happened today. I just see it as a culmination of
how much you've grown. When I first met you you were this girl who modeled. I
fell in love with your innocence. The more I got to know you, the more I saw a
depth inside you you didn't even know was there. So I encouraged you, supported
you and watch you grow into the self confident woman you are today. Doing these
shoots pulled you out of that shell you constructed around you."

He was quiet for a moment and said "I guess what I'm saying is the following. I
am willing to give you the space to explore that side of you. The learn your
sexuality, to embrace it. All I want from you is that you're honest with me,
tell me everything. And this, this is proof that you can. To me this is you
showing me how much you love me, how much you care."

"I really do. I felt so guilty. Oh I hate it when men are right!"

"What do you mean?"

"Well, Sam told me you might surprise me. And you did."

"You talked to Sam about this?"

"Yes, I needed some guidance. And I didn't want to tell my parents or someone
who didn't know you. So I went over to talk to Sam."

"Am I lucky we got to know them. It's nice to see he's such a good friend to
you. You really need a best friend and I am so happy that it's Sam you chose."

"Why? Because he's gay?"

"No, because he's Sam and he loves you like you were his little sister."

"He really does. I love him too."

"So do I, although between the two of them I would choose Liam."

I chuckled and just looked at him. "What did I ever do to deserve you?" I said
and kissed him.

## Chapter Four
We arrived at Sam and Liams home an hour early. We had talked for days about
what had happened and how we would move forward. That day however we signed a
seize fire as it was our anniversary, not that we had been fighting, we both
just needed a break from all the serious talk.

As soon as we parked Sam came storming out the house. "You are to early," he
shouted, "You are way too early. Close your eyes and don't peek. Come the both
of you, take my hands and I will guide you. Liam! Liam! Can you escort Travis?
I will take care of Laura." Liam came running too and took Travis with him.
"Close your eyes. Come on go down a little so I can cover your eyes. You can't
see anything yet."

Sam did the same with me and guided me inside the house. "Mind the step. Come,
yes just follow me. I will make sure you don't bump into anything. Let me open
this door and feel it? Okay, good. You can open your eyes now." He grabbed
both my hands as we set down on the bed. "Now tell me everything, what did he
say?"

"I will tell you someday," I said, "but not today. Today we celebrate."

Sam looked a little disappointed then his smile returned and he got really
excited "You are going to love this. I am so sure of it. Just don't come out
until I tell you to. Want something to drink? Eat?" He brought me a juice
moments later and repeated "Don't come out. No peeking."

After almost 10 minutes of being in that room I felt a little bored and
started to read one of the books on the shelves. It was some fictional novel
about dwarfs, elves and wizards. The first chapter didn't really catch me, but
then it got more interesting. By the time Sam walked in I was on chapter four
and really into the story. "Can I borrow this?" I asked him.

"Lord of the Rings? Good choice. Sure, you know what keep it. I've got multiple
copies. That's the one I read first, I was 16 when I bought it."

"Oh no, it's special then. I can't take this."

"Yes you can. It would mean a lot to me if you took it. We've got multiple
copies of it, even a first print. So please, take it. It's getting a good
home."

"Thank you," I said, "This means a lot."

"Okay, back to today. Here, put on this blindfold. I will bring you to another
room and then I will explain what's happening." he said as he handed me a
blindfold.

I took his arm and he guided me as we walked through the house. When I finally
got to take it off I noticed we were in his studio. All the mess that had been
there before had been cleaned up and in the middle was the best wedding dress I
had ever seen. "Travis told me he never could give you the wedding you wanted.
So he wanted to give you it today. Liam and I organized everything. Your mother
helped me pick this one, is it okay?"

"Is it okay? It's the best."

"Lindsey is here to help you and take it in when needed. She's a wonderful
seamstress, she makes her own dressed from scratch."

"My mother? She's here?"

"Oh no, they couldn't come. With your father not feeling well and all."

Suddenly I felt a little sad. My father had suffered a mild heart attack just
days before and had to stay at the hospital. I had called my mother that
morning and she had told me they were still doing tests. She was staying over
at the hospital, she told me. "They have special rooms for spouses to stay
overnight. They are really nice, just like a hotel. But your father is feeling
better now, they just want to make sure everything is okay. So please don't
worry about us, have a good party and congratulations honey. I am so proud of
you."

Lindsey helped me get dressed and did my makeup and everything. The dress
didn't need many adjustments and was so beautiful. I handed her my phone so she
could take a picture. "You should model," she said with a laugh. I chuckled as
she walked out to tell Sam I was ready.

When the door opened I started to cry. My father walked in and I just hugged
him. "Are you okay?" I asked. He told me he had never felt better and walked me
out. The house was empty but for all the flowers along the door to the garden.
My father told me to stand still and stepped through the door. The moment he
did I heard them play _Here comes the bride_. I stepped outside and couldn't
stop crying. Everybody was there. Travis' family, my family, all our friends
and my father walking me down the isle. "I always wanted to do this," he said
and kissed me as he handed me over to Travis.

I took my spot and Liam started talking. "I've been specially ordained for this
day so this is all official. Ladies and gentlemen we've gathered here today.."
He went on for a few minutes before he said "Now, do you Laura Davis renew your
vows to this man Travis Davis and love him, cherish him until death do you
part?"

I looked into Travis eyes and said "I do."

Liam asked Travis the same question and he said after a brief period "I do."

"Then it's my blessing and honor to pronounce you still husband and wife. You
may kiss the bride." Travis took me in his arms and kissed me. With that all
our quarrels were over. He had given me the wedding I head dreamed off as a
girl and I was so happy. I turned my back to the crowd and threw my bouquet
into the gathered group of women behind me. It was Sam who caught it.

Our parents came up to congratulate us and everybody else followed. When I put
my arms around my mother I asked "You were in a real hotel this morning,
weren't you?" She just answered "It was so hard lying to you. But it had to be
a surprise. Look at you, you look so beautiful."

Everybody chipped in clearing out the chairs and tables, so we could have a
party. Travis and I did the first dance and after almost an hour Sam asked for
everybody's attention. "Ahem, please, please, come closer. Now we've known our
couple for quite some time now and we were more than honored to host this party
at our home. But the first time we met Laura, was under different
circumstances. She was struggling with here career and the choices she had to
make. Now, my husband helped her in that regard and when I asked her to pose
for me, she was gracious enough to grant me that wish. Now, we all know what
Travis did for the love of his life. Now it's time for Laura to do her part.
Travis, please come up here. This is for you, from Laura."

Travis looked at he covered thing standing next to him and carefully he
revealed what was underneath. The crowd gasped when he revealed the painting of
me. I had held on to my heart as I was expecting the nude he wanted to paint,
but instead there I was in a nice dress, laying in a field of flowers. It was
inspired by the impressionists and if you looked closely enough you could see a
man standing across the field and her right arm was reaching for him.

"I call it __Champ D'amour__, the field of love." Everybody clapped and Travis
had tears in his eyes. "I love it," he said after being quiet for a while, "I
really do. This is the best. Just they way you captured Laura. My God, I never
thought I could love a painting. Thank you so much Sam"

"Oh no, I just made it. Laura gave it to you. It's her gift to you, she doesn't
know it yet, but the bill is in the mail." I chuckled and gave him a thumbs
up. "I will gladly pay it," I shouted.

"Now, Laura pleas join us." I got up on the small stage and stood next to
Travis. "Another thing you guys didn't do and this is a gift from all of us.
You never went on a honeymoon, well now you are." I shrieked and clasped my
mouth as Sam wasn't finished yet. He continued with a smile "We thought
Atlantic City, Vegas, maybe Miami. But all these people showed us how much they
all love the both of you. So, we're sending you off to Jamaica. All expenses
payed, luxury hotel and everything. All you two have to do is pack and be on
that plane the day after tomorrow."

"What?!" Travis shouted and I just jumped with tears in my eyes. "Really?" I
shouted. It became real when our parents handed us the tickets. I was
speechless and just cried. We thanked them all and we partied until it became
light again.

## Chapter Five
We landed on Jamaica just before noon and rented a car for the duration of the
two weeks. Travis' boss had been so kind to give him the two weeks off and I
was looking forward to two weeks of pampering at the Hyatt Zilara Rose Hall, an
adult only hotel near Montego Beach, which was just a 20 minute drive from the
airport. We wanted our own car as we wanted to explore the island as well as
stay at the all inclusive hotel that we had been gifted.

The moment we turned left on to the property I gasped, it was so beautiful
there. With the palm trees, the golf course, everything was just perfect. We
stopped at the front entrance and a valet offered to park our car. He even
helped Travis get our luggage out and smiled as he drove off. "Better not loose
this one," Travis said holding up a card with a number on it.

We walked in and breathed a sigh of relieve to enter a building with air
conditioning. We walked over to the front-desk, checked in and ten minutes
later we stepped into the elevator to our room. Another gasp as it was just so
perfect, a large living area and a separate bedroom. "They've gone all out on
this one," I said, "Oh look at the ocean, how blue it is."

We unpacked, settled in and Travis got himself a beer from the fridge. "It's
all inclusive, right?" he said with a smile. I shook my head and said "I'm
gonna freshen up. Maybe we can walk around a little, explore the hotel."

After exploring the hotel and the immediate surroundings we ended up in the bar
to get a drink. We sat at the bar, just chatting and having a good time. "I
think I might go to the spa tomorrow. Just some pampering, maybe get a facial,"
I said, "and I really need to get my nails done."

"If you are doing that, I will check out the golf course. It's been a while
since I've played," Travis replied. He excused himself to go to the men's room,
leaving me to enjoy my wine. I sat there for a few minutes when a man wearing a
nice shirt walked up to me. "Aren't you Laura, that model?" he asked. Now I've
never been good with these sort of things, but it came with the territory.And I
smiled and told him it was me. "Oh my God, they are never going to believe me.
Can I take a picture with you? Just so I can prove it really was you." I said
he could and as he held up his phone his face came eerily close and he had his
arm around my waist. He thanked me and tried to kiss me, but I turned my face
just in time.

"No kissing," I said, "Please let me be, I'm here on our second honeymoon."

"Honeymoon? I didn't think you were married."

"Well, I am and he's coming back soon."

"Oh now Laura, don't be like that. We're all here having a good time. Now come
on, give me a smooch. Girls like you like that, don't they?"

"Leave the woman alone," a deep voice said, "She just asked you to let her be.
Now go, you're clearly drunk and not thinking straight. Talking to a lady like
that. Go!"

The man cleared off and I looked over to my right. A big dark man stood next to
me, his face had no expression. He just stared at the drunk guy and watched him
walk off. "I am so sorry for that," he said to me, "I don't know why people
think just because you're famous you are public property."

"Oh, I'm not famous," I replied, "Just well known maybe."

"My name is Kian," he said, "Hotel security. If you need anything, just ask and
I will see what we can do for you."

"Thank you," I replied, "But I'm okay. There are always people like that."

"But there shouldn't be. I always say what if that was your sister or your
mother, would you still act like that? I think not."

"Well, thanks again Kian. I won't disturb you much longer, you will have more
important jobs to do."

"Oh, I'm off duty, but he doesn't have to know that. I just sat down for a
drink before I go home. Plus I like to know everything is good before I go."

"Dedicated. I like that in man." I replied with a smile. In my thoughts I was
like questioning if I was flirting with him. Asking myself if Travis was right.

"Ah," he chuckled, "not really, just thirsty."

I laughed and flicked my hair. 'Oh my God,' I thought, 'I really am flirting
with him' I turned a bit more to him, arced my back a little more and said
"Well, you want another? Or is there someone waiting?"

"No, there's nobody waiting," he replied, "and I drink for free so I wouldn't
want to burden you."

"Oh, in that case I would like another wine please" I chuckled.

He looked at me and said "Sorry, that only goes for personnel. I'm sure you
understand."

I prowled my lips "Well, bummer. Oh well, I can order myself." The barman
brought me another wine and swiped my card. He placed another beer in front of
Kian and I pulled down the front of my dress a little more. "Wow, you really
are thirsty. Don't you have to drive home?"

"Nah, I live just outside the property, about a mile from here. I like to walk
after I finished working."

"Wow, nice location. With the ocean and all, it's so beautiful."

"Yes, yes it is. My parents bought the house when they were young and now I
live there. They passed away a few years back."

"Oh, I am so sorry to hear that."

"It's okay, they were old and had worked hard all their lives to provide for me
and my three brothers and sisters. When my father became ill and passed away,
my mother's heart was broken. She passed not long after. I like to believe they
are together again, in heaven."

"That's a nice thought," I replied, "I hope so too. They must love each other
very much."

"They did, but let's talk about nicer things. Do you like it here?"

"What's not to like? It's all so beautiful."

"Good answer," he said as he stood up took my hand and kissed it, "It was a
pleasure, ma'am. I need to go. Have a pleasant evening." As he walked off I
followed him with my eyes only to be startled when suddenly Travis said
"Flirting again?" I slapped his arm and said "No!" Travis laughed and ordered
another beer.

The next day I got up early and went down to the spa. I ordered a massage, a
facial and wanted my hair and nails done. I gave them our card and they swiped
it. When I came out almost five hours later I felt like a new woman, my nails
were just perfect, I felt relaxed and the cleansing had been rough but nice. I
texted Travis and he answered he was on hole 12 of 18. He would be a while.
"I'll be at the pool," I answered back.

I went up to our room, put on a bikini and a warp around skirt, grabbed my
sunhat and sunglasses. On my way to the pool I bought a bottle of sunscreen and
made my way to the pool. It was already crowded and I found a spot a little out
of the way. I just wanted to get sum sun.

As I prepared to lay down a girl from the resort came by and handed me a towel.
I thanked her and spread it over the sun lounger. I sat down and began to smear
sun lotion on my legs. As I did so I could see a man looking at me and it did
make me giggle a little. I continued applying sunscreen to my belly and arms
and laid down just a tad sexier than I would normally do. Just before my head
hit the top of the lounger I took off my hat and sunglasses.

After about 20 minutes or so I heard a voice say "Do you want me to do your
back?" I opened my eyes and it was the man that had been ogling me. I told him
I was alright and he said "Oh, but you can't just tan your front side, that
will be horrible."

I knew he was right and with a sigh I told him the bottle was in the bag and I
turned over. The cold of the liquid almost made me shriek. Then his hands
started to touch me, he massaged it in really good and it felt so nice. He kept
from touching my hips and just did my back and shoulders. He poured some more
sunscreen and without warning he slipped under my bikini strap. As he kept
massaging he slowly went more and more to my sides and the top of his fingers
touched the sides of my boobs. I should have protested, but I didn't. The
longer it went on the bolder he got and in the end I might have raised my upper
body a little.

Suddenly he stopped and when I looked up he was gone, I looked around and saw
him walking towards the hotel. I laid down again and stayed there for another
twenty minutes or so. I almost fell asleep when I heard Travis say "How was
your pampering?" I turned my head towards him and he was laying next to me.

"It was so nice," I replied, "I had a massage, a cleansing and look at my
nails. Aren't they perfect?"

"They are beautiful, honey."

"How was golfing?"

"I think I forgot how boring it is. But it was okay, talked to some other
people who are staying here. You might have seen their wives or girlfriends,
they all were at the spa with you. We were just an bunch of lonely men with
nothing better to do."

I chuckled "Aw, I am so sorry baby. I won't do it again, well maybe next week."

"I was thinking," he said, "We could explore the island a little this
afternoon. Let's get some lunch first and then just go somewhere."

"That's a good idea. I would love that."

We got some lunch, changed and waited for the valet to bring our rented car
around. We went to the Bob Marley Museum, saw the best beaches in the world and
just drove around. In a small shop we got ourselves something to drink and
asked the woman running it what she would recommend us.

"Oh, you should did you go to Reach Falls already? Or the Blue Mountains. Those are very nice to see." she said.

"Thank you, we will do that, thank you so much."

We cruised around some more and took in all the sights. Reach Falls was just
amazing. On our way back we stopped at a roadside diner for some real Jamaican
food. Behind the counter was a real Rastafarian, with dread-locks and all. He
had a big smile and was happy to feed us.

As the day progressed we finally sat down at a local bar just a few miles from
the resort. Sure we had everything we needed there, but we liked to take in the
local customs too. It was not that we would be back there any time soon and we
really wanted to see the island too. I just can't understand people who say
they went somewhere and all they saw was the hotel.

When we finally returned to the hotel it was around 8 in the evening. We went
up to our room, showered, put on some fresh clothes and made it down to the bar
just before 9. This time we sat down at a table and I smiled when I saw Kian
walking around. This time he wore his hotel uniform and stopped to talk to us a
little. "This is Kian," I said, "the man who saved me last night."

"Ah, it was nothing," Kian chuckled, "Just another drunk who thinks he can do
anything he wants to."

"Well, you have my gratitude sir," Travis chuckled.

From the corner of my eye I saw the man who did my back at the pool and again
he was looking at me. I wore a tight shirt and arced my back. "What am I
doing?" I thought and sat normally again. The waiters started removing tables
and chairs, clearing the dance floor. The music was turned up a little and
people started dancing.

Automatically I started to move too and just looked at the people on the dance
floor. Kian stood to the side and was watching for anything that needed his
assistance. I excused myself and walked straight passed him, arcing my back as
I got nearer. In the stall I couldn't believe what I was doing and just before
I wanted to pull my panties up, I took them off and put them in my purse.

When I sat down again I made sure Kian could see me and when he did I spread my
legs a little. By his reaction I could see that he had noticed and quickly
turned his head. I slightly smiled not believing that I had just done what I
did. The table had blocked Travis' view and I didn't tell him anything.

An hour of three later we went back to our room and just as I wanted to get
ready for bed there was a knock on the door. Travis opened the door. "Hi, what
can we do for you?"

"Well," Kian said, "I saw something earlier that I really need to discus. I
didn't want to bring it up officially, but I'm off duty now and it bothers me."

"Come on in," Travis said, "What's up?"

"I feel really embarrassed to tell you this sir, but your wife flashed me
earlier tonight and that's strictly against hotel policy."

"She did? Really?"

"Yes sir. I am sorry to tell you this, but as I said I didn't want to do this
while I was on duty."

"I understand," Travis said with a smirk on his face. He looked at me with a
strange look on his face. "Well, I might want to know what she flashed."

I was sitting on a chair and slowly spread my legs again. Travis noticed now
too and raised his eyebrows. "She did that now, did she?"

"Yes sir," Kian replied, "And I can't --"

"Did you like what you saw?" Travis interrupted him.

"That's not the point --"

"Would you like to see it again?"

"Sir --"

"You would? Well, come closer then."

Kian looked at him confused and said "But sir, this is your wife?"

"She is. But she's not my property, now is she? If she wants to do this, who am
I to say no."

I spread my legs a little wide, still not believing I was actually doing
this. But I had a few wines and it was so exciting. On top of that Travis
seemed to enjoy it too.

I got up and walked towards Kian, swaying my hips just a little more. I placed
my left arm around his neck and asked "Would you like to see more of me?"

Kian scraped his throat and said "It was wrong of me to come here. This goes
against hotel policies."

"But you're off duty now," I replied, "And you're a guest in our room." Without
saying a word I placed my hand on his crutch and squeezed the bulge softly. "Or
is this not telling me something?" I whispered.

Kian looked at me and just like that he kissed me. I put both my arms around
his neck and kissed him back. I do not know what Travis did and at that moment
I really didn't care. I took Kians hand and guided him to our bedroom. I closed
the door behind me and started to kiss this handsome black man again. He put
his arms around me and then proceeded to take off my shirt. I pushed him on the
bed and took off his pants and boxers.

I gasped when I saw his pole and smiled. "Oh wow," I said, "that's so nice." I
took it in my hand, looked Kian in his eyes and slowly licked it. Then I opened
my mouth and closed my lips around the crown of his penis. Kian moaned as I
rolled my tongue around this wonderful thing in my mouth. Slowly I made my way
down and took it in deeper and deeper, until I just had to gag.

After sucking him for a while I noticed Travis standing in the door. He sat
down in a chair next to our bed as I crawled on top of Kian, placing his cock
against my very wet pussy. I looked Kian in the eyes, rose up and slowly sat
down. I moaned as I felt him entering me. "Oh my God, you're so big," I
exclaimed. It went in so deep and I looked at my husband. He just had the
biggest smile on his face.

I slowly gyrated my hips so Kian could get in deeper. When I was adjust to his
size, I slowly moved my hips up and down along his shaft. I leaned over and
Kian sucked my breasts as I was fucking him. I couldn't believe it, I just
could not believe I was actually having sex with another man right in front of
my husband. But I liked it so much, more than I wanted to admit.

After riding him for a while Kian threw me on my back and planted his cock
inside me again. "Oh yes," I panted, "Fuck me. Fuck me hard with that big dick
of yours. I want to come all over that cock." Kian started to pound me and I
almost came instantly. My whole body was shaking as the orgasm took hold of me.
I pulled him in closer and we kissed, my mouth was wide open and our tongues
were touching. I could feel him throb and twitch as he slid in and out of me. I
spread my legs open wider and shouted "Oh my God, yes. Fuck me."

I came multiple times before Kian started to groan deeply, he pulled out and
with just a few strokes he exploded all over my belly. So much cum landed on me
and I started to smear it all over my skin. "Oh yes, cum for me." I panted.

When he sagged down next to me, I bent over and cleaned his penis with my
mouth. I could taste myself mixed with his cum and I rubbed my clit as I was
doing it. Then I just laid down next to him, pressing my body firmly against
his. "Thank you," I whispered, "I needed that."

Kian came to his senses, jumped up, got dressed and said "I shouldn't have done
that. I am so sorry and he just left. Before he even had left the room Travis
jumped on top of me and pushed his dick inside my still wet pussy. I undressed
him as he was pumping and said "Oh yes, baby, make love to me. I am so
sensitive now."

Travis ravaged me and I came twice as he was fucking me. Two real orgasms and I
planted my new nails into his back. Then I felt him throb and twitch and I
whispered "Come inside me baby. Give me your cum." Travis exploded and I smiled
as I felt his seed enter my vagina. "Yes baby. Oh yes."

The next day I didn't see Kian all day. He had called in sick someone told me.
