# Laura
_an erotic tale by Transgirl_

## Chapter One
My heart was racing as I got into the car waiting for me like I had done many
nights before, but this time was different. The driver dropped me off at the
address I had given him and I got out. I took a deep breath and walked towards
the front door, which swung open without me needing to ring the bell. I smiled
and walked in, there were quite a few men inside. One tried to touch me, but I
said no and he backed off.

I held up my hand and the man who had let me in handed me the money they owned
me. "Where can I freshen up a bit?" I said with a smile. After he pointed it
out to me I went inside and locked the door behind me. I counted the money and
called in: "Hi, yes. It's done. I got the money." I hung up and looked at
myself in the mirror, wondering how I had gotten myself in this situation.

Within seconds the door was kicked in and I heard people shouting "Police!
Against the wall!" When the noises stopped I opened the door and walked into
the room where all the men now were on their knees. The DA walked in when
everything was under control, I handed her my purse and said "It's all in
there." She looked at me and said "Did you touch the money?" I nodded to which
she said "We will need you prints."

"Can I go now?" I asked and the DA shook her head towards the door. Without
looking back I stepped outside and into a patrol car. He brought me home, back
to my freedom. In the backseat of the car my life passed me by like a movie,
how it all had come to this.

He was so charming, so nice and every time I saw him I felt butterflies, I was
just 14 years old and I knew it was love, it just had to be. My parents weren't
happy with it, not at all. "He's 22, Laura. Way too old for you." was one of
the things they said, but I didn't care, he had shown that he loved me.

One evening I had sneaked out the house and went over to see him. We were
watching a movie in which a couple fell in love and slept together. "Have you
ever done that?" he asked me. I shook my head and felt myself blushing. "Would
you like to?" I just smiled and blushed.

After that night he kept on pushing, every time a little harder until I gave in
and send him a nude picture of myself. The next time I visited him he changed,
he threatened to tell my parents if I didn't do what he told me to do. I was so
scared and didn't tell anyone because he threatened them too.

It was a Friday afternoon, he had sent me a text while I was at school. "Come
direct from school" it read. I told my mother I was going to the mall and would
be home late. That wasn't out of the ordinary for me, I had done that more
often and my mother only asked "Who are you going with?" I send her the names f
some of my friends as I got into the bus to where he lived.

Once in the house he forced me to undress and go into the bedroom. Within
minutes the first man came in. Camera's were started and I did everything they
asked me to do. The first time I felt disgusted, sick and violated. But I
didn't cry as that wouldn't make a good video he told me. When the second man
walked in I started to like it and I was simply amazed.

After the third one I even got a little excited and acted like I had on orgasm
on camera. He pointed the camera in my face and asked "Do you like being
fucked?" I licked my lips and said "Oh yes, I love it." By the time I went home
I felt even a little proud of myself. I had left the house a girl and came home
a woman.
