# Night Ladies
_an erotic tale by Transgirl_

## Chapter One
It was a hot, steamy night and I was sitting on the porch outside our house,
the day had been warm and it had finally cooled down enough for us to sit
outside. We were sitting in our chairs, overlooking the river streaming below
us. This had been our home for almost 5 years and now it was time to move, to
leave this life behind us. To start anew somewhere else, somewhere outside of
these united states.

I looked over and said "I'm going to miss this view."

My husband just said "Yep." He wasn't one off many words, but in that one word
I could hear his anguish of leaving all of this behind. We were about to take
the next step on our journey and it had been one with many steps already, all
leading to the point at which we were right then.

I got up and stepped into the almost empty house, we had sold everything and
what we couldn't sell we gave to charities and thrift stores. It was all gone
now, all that was left was either in our suitcases or in the container on it's
way over to our new home. It all seemed so far away still, but we would fly in
just over six hours. I sat down on the floor where our couch used to be,
remembering how we got to this point, thinking about all the choice I, and
later we, had made in our lives.

---

"But mom," I shouted, "I don't want to go to that college, I want to go to
Kingston. I always wanted to go to Kingston, why can't I?"

"But Laura, it's so far away? If you go to OU than at least we can come over to
visit, or you could easily drive home." She replied. I understood her not
wanting me to go all the way across the country, but I had dreamed of going to
Kingston all my live and I had worked so hard to get there. All I had to do was
send in that application form and then it was all up to me to make sure I
actually got in. The desperation was visible on her face, she wasn't about to
let me go without a fight. Her only child going so far away? No, there was no
chance of that ever happening.

It was my dad who actually helped me, in secret we sent in the application.
"It's better to ask for forgiveness, then to not try it at all." he had said.
He didn't want me to go either, but at least he could see it from my point of
view. He knew I had set my goals on Kingston at a very young age, from the
moment I learned Kingston was not only the oldest but also the best college in
the country and amongst the top in the world.

The day the invite came for an interview was the day we had to tell her what we
had done, she was angry and proud at the same time and we flew there together
as my father couldn't get time off work. We stayed for three days, with the
interview on the second. This way we could explore Fort Dix a little, see the
sights and take the first look at the school I wanted to attend.

The day of the interview I was so nervous, I had to ace this. Not only to get
in, but also to be eligible for one of the scholarships they offered. When I
left that room I didn't know how I should feel, I really had no clue if I had
done well or not, they hadn't given me any clues, so we decided to fly back a
day early much to the enjoyment of my father.

When the letter finally came I was all nervous all over again and with shaking
hands I opened it. All I needed to read were the words _happy to inform_ and
_accepted_. I threw the letter in the air and jumped around the house. I had
done it, I could be the first of my town to go to Kingston College. My mother
grabbed the letter and read it all the way through. I needed to graduate with
an 90% or higher point average in order to get in and get a scholarship.

I studied so hard those last months and graduated with a 93% average just below
Justin who became valedictorian with a 94%. Not that I really cared, I was the
one who had gotten into Kingston and he hadn't, his application had been
denied.

Although she still didn't like it my mother had gotten used to the idea of me
moving all the way across the country and she even was proud of me. It took us
four days in a packed car to get there. Luckily enough my parents car was big
enough and when we started to drive I took one more look out the back window.
It felt like I was leaving my childhood behind and started a new chapter on my
journey to adulthood.

It was a nice road trip and if everything went well we would arrive three days
early, it also gave us some space to take our time and stopping whenever we
wanted. We mostly slept at motels and it was nice to see the landscape change
so much, especially when we drove through the mountains. Finally after driving
for four days with only one day of rest we arrived in Fort Dix, leaving us with
just two days before I had to enlist in my new school.

The next day we went looking for a car and only at the third or fourth lot we
found one that I liked. It wasn't even that expensive and if hadn't been for my
father insisting they did a checkup I could have driven it out of there right
after we bought it. It still felt nice to drive out of there later that day
when the car was ready for me.

The first day was nerve wrecking, I got my temporary pass, my assigned room in
the dorm and learned that I had been one of the lucky ones who got one all for
my own, answering my question why I had never gotten the information of a
potential room mate. "Oh," the girl had said, "as you come from so far away you
were in the first draw. Congratulations and welcome to Kingston."

It took some time for us to find the room and as expected it wasn't anything
special. A bed to the right side of the room, a closet dividing it from the
rest of the room. On the other side was a desk where I could study. The
previous student had left a cork board above it and on it was a letter to me.

_Dear new student, it's a tradition of this room to leave a note to the next
one. Now it's my turn to write one. I have had some good memories in here and I
leave you this cork board as the one before me left the closet. When it's your
turn to leave, please leave something behind too and a letter to whomever will
occupy this space next. I wish you all the best at Kingston and hope you will
have as good a time as I have. Love, Angie Middleton._ 

"Aw, how nice," I said and handed the letter to my mom. Slowly the moment of
saying goodbye arrived and my mother hugged me tightly. I could feel she was
crying and I hugged her back, my father did the same just without the tears.
Seeing them walk out of my still very empty room felt strange and I ran after
them to walk them to the car. There we repeated the ritual until I waved to
them until I couldn't see them anymore.

I was back in my room unpacking one of my suitcases when I heard a voice say
"Knock, knock!" I turned around and a girl with long red hair stood in the
doorway. "Hi, I'm Marisha, your new neighbor of 131? I heard some noises and I
just wanted to introduce myself."

"Hi," I replied, "Laura, nice to meet you. You have a solo room too?"

"Yes!", she said, "And isn't it the best? No reckoning with someone, just do
whatever it is you want to do. Just need to get myself some decent ear phones,
I heard the walls aren't that thick. I mean, I could almost hear you opening
those suitcases. Nice wardrobe, by the way."

"Oh yes," I replied, "Seems to be a tradition of this room. Whoever leaves it,
leaves something behind. A previous occupant left that for us." and I handed
her the letter.

"Nice tradition," Marisha said, "I might start that in our room too." She
started to read the letter and then uttered "Angie Middleton? THE Angie
Middleton?"

"I don't know who that is."

"Really? Under which rock have you been living. She's the youngest Federal
Judge ever and this was her room? Wow."

"Not a law student, sorry." I replied.

"We all have our flaws," Marisha laughed.

What I didn't know at the time was that this was the start of a very close
friendship, one I still treasure to this date. There was only one person who
knew everything and that was Marisha, in some ways she still is.

One of the conditions of the scholarship was that I would get a job and after
looking for weeks I finally landed one as a waitress in a restaurant. 
