# Being Shared

_an erotic tale by Transgirl_

## Introduction

We all learn to share when we are young. All we do is act on what we have
learned, what is so wrong about that? Still whenever people find out what we
do, we get either strange questions or get scolded that what we do is wrong.
That's something I just don't understand and maybe never will.

First off all this all takes place between consenting adults, secondly we
aren't hurting anyone. On top of that it isn't that we are doing it right there
in front of you, it all takes place in our own homes or places where people
with the same ideas congregate. They just do not know how many people are
active in this lifestyle, some in the open others hidden acting like they
needed someone to come and repair something, just to have an excuse for the
neighbors.

To clarify we didn't start out this way, it sort of sneaked in and stayed. It
grew and slowly got more prevalent in our lives. I can't really recall when or
how we began to explore that side of us all I can say is at some point we did.
First we talked about it, then we fantasized. To make things more interesting
we watched some videos together while talking about how we would experience it,
how we would possibly feel. Would either one of us get jealous? Would this ruin
our relationship?

It all went so slow and that's the way I wanted it to go. I was fearful of
planning it, didn't want to go to a club. That just felt like too much force on
me. What I wanted was for it to feel natural, like when you first start dating.
There's the first kiss which leads to everything else until you share the most
intimate with the one you fell in love with. I needed that intimacy, that
connection. I couldn't believe people saying they did not need that.

The journey we took, the path we wandered was one of many twists and turns. We
had good and very bad times, but along the journey we always knew one thing: we
loved each other and would do anything to save this relationship. That simple
fact helped us step over boundaries we never thought we either would or could.
To make sure we didn't blame the other we agreed on one thing, we would always
tell the truth. Even if it meant we knew we would hurt the other. That brutal
honesty was what saved us in the end as we both had agreed to this neither of
us could blame the other. You would think this would be a source of many
conflicts, but we experienced it differently. To us it was a source of peace, a
way to end the fight, the one thing be both agreed on.

I have read some stories about living this way, they are all very personal
stories. What goes for us doesn't mean it is right for you, or the other way
around. You have to find a way to integrate this lifestyle into your
relationship so you both get something out of it and above all, as I said
earlier, never to hide anything.

There are many people who have stories about this, this is ours.

## Chapter One

In high school I was never the popular kid, just a regular student who wanted
to make her parents proud of her. I had set my goals to go to college in Fort
Dix, our capital and the seat of the most prestigious college in the country
and maybe even the world. My parents didn't particular like me moving so far
away, at the same time they didn't want to stop me from dreaming to once get
there.

Ever since I first heard of _Kingston College_ I was simply fascinated by it. I
could spend ours looking at pictures of the campus. From the central square
with the big oak tree in the middle, the old buildings surrounding it, the
entrance gate with the line of red bricks marking the transition from being a
kid to being an adult. Then there was the park surrounding the school with the
ponds and artificial waterfall. The weeping willows along the canal in the
center of the park, with the students competing in rowing boats. It all was so
magical to me. All I wanted was to be a part of that and nothing would stop me
from getting there.

All during school I was seen as the nerdy kid, the one who did just one thing:
study. For the most part that was true, it also came rather easy to me. I also
had time for social things, like playing soccer for the school team. As with
everything I was very competitive with it, all I wanted to be was the best.
Second place was never good enough for me. I didn't believe in everybody
winning, I just thought that that was stupid.

Even though I presented myself as someone who didn't care, in secret, when I
was alone, I cried about not having any _real_ friends. I didn't have anyone
who I could share my secrets with, building walls the older I got. By the time
I was graduating it took someone strong to break through those walls, I wasn't
about to let just anyone in.

The day I heard I had been accepted to my dream was one of the best of my life.
It seemed like the sun shined a little brighter, the colors were more vibrant,
I could take on the world and win. My parents were excited for me too, at the
same time they were sad to see their only child leave the house and to the
other side of the country no less. They were worried for me, but never said as
much. All I got was total support from them and how much they loved me.

After graduation all my time was spent in finding a place to stay as I didn't
want to live in the dorms. But that wasn't as easy as I thought it would be and
I had to resort to the dorms. I was too late to get into the all girls dorms,
so had to settle for the mixed one. At least I would share my room with another
girl, which made me rather anxious to go. I never was good meeting new people
and I was sure this time would be no exception.

In the documentation we received they had also described how much space you had
to store your belongings, which basically came back to one closet I could use
as a wardrobe and whatever I could store underneath my bed. "I will be looking
for something else while I am there," I told my parents, "I don't want to be in
the dorms for long."

"Maybe you like it," my mother said, "being amongst people your own age.
Exploring what it means to be an adult. College was the best time for me, lot's
of parties to go to and just having fun being young. Maybe that's something you
could try while you are there."

That thought horrified me. I had been to party, once or twice. Did my best to
be entertained, but people somehow changed as soon as they arrived at the
party. Sometimes I didn't recognize them at all. Then there was the music, the
volume cranked up so loud you could hardly speak. As with everything I put up a
mask and acted like I was enjoying myself. It had become second nature to me to
put on that disguise and be social.

The time had come to leave the house and start my journey to adulthood. As my
mother and I walked to the terminal I looked over my shoulder and saw my father
waving to me. If I looked close enough I could see the tears in his eyes. He so
much wanted to come with us, but his boss didn't allow him time off. So he had
no choice but to send me off at the airport. The last hug he gave me was so
tight and he whispered that he loved me in my ear.

After a three hour flight we landed safely in Fort Dix. As we waited for our
luggage to arrive I felt a little excited to see the city I would live in for
at least the next four years. With our luggage in our tow we walked towards the
taxi lane and about an hour later we arrived at our hotel, just blocks from the
college I was about to attend. That day was mere days away now, which gave us
some time to explore Fort Dix a little.

On the second day there was a knock on the door. We both looked at each other,
wondering who it could be. Only family knew where we were. "Maybe it's someone
from the hotel," my mother said. I walked over to open the door, but decided to
check the spyglass first. I couldn't believe it. I gasped, looked over my
shoulder to my mom and threw open the door. "Dad!" I shouted. I jumped into
his arms and he said "Surprise!"

After the initial shock I asked him "Why? How are you here?"

"I got here by plane, just as you did."

I slapped his arm "You know what I mean."

"I asked my boss again and told him how important this was to me. He said if I
could find someone to replace me it would be okay. I wanted to ask Trent, but
he didn't even let me ask him. All he said was go, I got you covered. And now
here I am. The front-desk said there was a pullout bed under the bed, I can
sleep on that."

"Are you kidding?" I shouted, "You sleep with mom and I will sleep on the
pullout. I am so glad you're here."

The three of us explored the city and the first time I walked in that park I
had seen on photos I couldn't believe I was actually there. Seeing those
weeping willows was unreal. "I thing that statue is over here," I said pulling
my mom as I turned left. I wanted to see it all and I wanted to share it with
my parents. They smiled all the time and were happy to see me this excited,
which was easy for me as I didn't have to vein a thing around them. They knew
who I was and how I felt without me having to say a word.

Ever so slowly the important day arrived and I woke up early that morning. My
parents were still asleep and as quiet as I could I got out of my bed. Sleeping
on that pullout had been more comfortable than I thought it would be. I went to
the bathroom and when I returned my mother mumbled "Go back to bed Laura. It's
way too early." But I couldn't go back, I just was too nervous about what was
about to happen that day.

I went over to the living area, if you could call it that as it was basically a
table and two chairs, and I looked out of the window. Beneath the city woke up
too, if it ever went to sleep that is. I saw the sun come up and the sky was
filled with the most beautiful colors. It promised to be another very nice day.
"I can get used to this," I thought as the weather where I came from was
totally unpredictable. "We have all seasons in one day" was a favorite saying
around that town.

I heard my mother grumble and watched how she got out of bed. "My God, it's not
even seven." she mumbled as she always did in the mornings. Being fully awake
when I got up I had inherited from my father, my mother had more difficulties
in the mornings. When she got back she made herself a cup of coffee and the
sound of the machine woke my father up as well.

"Good morning," he said when he saw me standing near the window, "Important day
today. I want mine with a lump of sugar please." He got up too and went to the
bathroom. I pushed my bed under theirs again to give us a little more space. My
mother sat down at the table and groaned. "My God, why this early?" she said.

"I just woke up," I replied, "I didn't want to wake you, but I just couldn't
sleep anymore. I am excited and nervous at the same time. What if I don't like
her?"

"She seemed nice when we called her," my mother mumbled, "Just give me a
minute, I need to wake up." My father walked back in and when he didn't see his
coffee he just chuckled and said softly to me "She isn't wake yet, is she?" I
laughed and shook my head "No, she's recovering though."

"Don't talk about me as if I'm not here," my mother grumbled, "And you know
where the machine is. I'm waking up."

Two hours later I was ready to go. Everything I could take with me was packed
up and next to the door. It was just a short walk through the park to where the
rest of my life was about to start. It couldn't have been better for me. "Well,
it's time to go I guess," my father said, "Are you ready mom?" She shook her
head and I could see she was holding back her tears. "Never, but it's time,"
she said.

As we walked though the park she put her arm around me and held me tight. "Make
us proud sweetie," she said with a tremble in her voice, "Don't mind me, this
is your day. I never wanted this day to come but here it is. Now I understand
how my mother felt when I went to college, I was the first to leave the house.
And I am so happy that we don't have to do this again."

My mother had wanted another child, but she got sick and all they could do was
remove her uterus. The cancer had not responded to any medication. I still
remember seeing her grieving over a child she never had, but to her it had as
she had always seen herself as a mother of two. It had taken her almost a year
to reconcile with the new reality and she became even more protective of me,
without getting overbearing. She wasn't a helicopter-mom, not by a long shot.
She just was very caring and dragged me to the hospital on multiple occasions
when it wasn't needed. And I loved her for that and I fully well understood why
she had such a difficult time with me going to college.

Outside the gate there were several tables with older students sitting behind
them. I got in line for the table with the letter D. When it was my time I said
"Hi, I'm Laura Davis?" The girl checked her list "Davis, Davis, ah here you
are. Laura Davis, dorm 3 room 232." She handed me a map with all the buildings
on it. She marked the building where I had to go and gave me directions how to
get there.

"You can go to your assigned room and leave your luggage there. After you have
to go to administration, that's here," she placed another cross on the map,
"there they will take a photo for your student ID. Please wear this as long as
you don't have the ID. Here is some more information about campus and some
information about all the stores, restaurants and bars that have reduced prices
for us students. Well, that's it. Welcome to Kingston. You may cross the line
and say goodbye to your parents."

I walked back to my parents after I had pinned the badge to my clothes. "New
Student" it read and it felt like a badge of honor to me. I hugged my father
and my mother who held me tightly. "I am so proud of you pumpkin," she cried,
"I truly am and I am sure you will shine here. Call me if you need me, okay? I
love you so much baby. Now go, go towards the rest of your life."

I had tears in my eyes, leaving them was harder than I expected and with my
nerves as tight as they could be I walked over to the gate. A security officer
was standing there. "Wait!" he said, "Are you ready to cross the line? Are you
ready to become an honor student of Kingston College? Are you ready to take
this step from childhood to adulthood?"

I looked at him then over to my parents. My mother nodded and my father mouthed
"Go". I turned to the guard and said "Yes, I am ready." It was tradition at
Kingston to drop of new students at the gate. It was also tradition to step
over that line of red bricks in the ground. I took a deep breath and took the
most important step in my life. Once passed the line I looked over at my
parents, my mother was clapping and crying. My father was yowling and cheering.
I had taken the biggest step in my life. I waved to them and slowly made my way
over to the dorms.

I marveled at the buildings I knew by heart from the photographs I had looked
at for hours. I gasped when I saw that big oak tree in the middle of the
square. I just couldn't believe I was actually there. The wheels of my suitcase
rattled over the cobblestone path and it didn't take me long to find my dorm. I
went inside, got in the elevator and searched for my room. The door was still
open and as I walked in a girl with long red hair was already unpacking.

"Oh hi," she said with a big smile, "So nice to finally meet you. I already
picked a side, hope you don't mind."

Both sides of the room were identical so I really didn't care. "No, I don't
mind. Been here long?"

"Not long, 20 minutes maybe. I wanted to wait for you so we can go have our
photos taken together."

"Thank you, but I had reckoned to go by myself."

"Don't be silly, we are room mates now and it's time we get to know each other
a little better. That's what introduction week is for, right? To get to know
each other, campus and who knows what else."

She was vibrant, outgoing and cheery. In short the total opposite of me. At
that moment I didn't believe we would be any more than room mates. I placed my
suitcase on the bed and by bag next to it.

"I love your hair," she said, "you should wear it loose sometimes. It's just
gorgeous. Ever thought about highlights?"

I had never been that girly girl. Sure my hair was long but that was only
because short hair didn't look right to me. Still I wore it in a bun most of
the time and I was so used to it that I didn't even think about it in the
mornings. "No not really," I replied, "I never really thought about it."

"Well, maybe you could learn a thing or two from me as I could from you. Shall
we go? Maybe we could get a latte on the way? I heard the coffee shop is really
good here."

Thirty minutes later we stood in line at the administration building, both a
latte in our hands. I hadn't had one before and I really liked it. Despite all
my reservations at first my room mate started to grow in me. Her eyes were open
and didn't show any sign of deception, she presented herself for who she was.
At that moment I wished I could be a little more like her, it was like she
didn't care what other people thought of her and it was kind of refreshing.
Normally I would just walk away and avoid her, but this time I had nowhere to
go as we shared a room.

We waited for a long time but finally it was our turn. "Ray, Marisha Ray," my
room mate said. The woman behind the counter turned to me and I said "Davis,
Laura Davis." The woman checked her list and in a very bored tone she said "You
can go over there for your photo. Your ID will be ready in -- two hours. Come
back then and collect it. Welcome to Kingston."

We had our photos taken and walked back to the dorms. There was nothing else
planned for the rest of the day but to unpack, decorate the room a little and
explore campus. When we arrived in our room both our parents were there talking
to each other. "Mom! Dad!" I shouted. I hadn't expected to seem them this
soon.

"What are you doing here?" Marisha asked hers.

"Well, we got a letter from Kingston too. We were asked to go to the back
entrance and they sneaked us in. Also a tradition. The reason nothing is
planned is so we can take you to dinner or whatever you want."

I looked at mine "Is that true?" My mother nodded and said "Yes sweetie, now we
can have a proper good bye and I got to see your room. It's better than the one
I had in college." We roamed the dorms a little and everywhere were new
students with their families. We looked at the shared spaces where there were a
few couches and even a television.

We explored campus and found the mess hall, a small pizza place and a few other
shops. After we had collected our IDs we went off campus and followed the
instructions to _old town_, the historic center of Fort Dix. We found a
beautiful small restaurant where we had the best dinner I had ever had, not
because of the food but because of the people sitting at the table. For the
first time I felt like this could become something good.

When we walked back it was time to say goodbye for real. Marisha's parents had
to drive home and my parents had to go back to the hotel. They needed to pack
as they needed to leave the following morning. I hugged them both once again
and my father slipped something in my pocket. "Don't tell you mother," he
whispered and winked. By my mothers smile I could she knew exactly what was
going on.

I took the note out of my pocket and read what it said "Good for one car! Just
tell them to send us the bill." I gasped and jumped into their arms. "Thank
you, thank you, thank you." And I showed the note to Marisha, who immediately
turned around and said to her parents "See! That's how you treat a daughter."

Her mother burst into laughter and said "Like we haven't given you everything
you own. I love you Mar. And remember your father and brother will bring your
car next week." Marisha turned to me and said "It's in the shop. Not my fault,
that pole didn't give way. It could have moved out of the way, but it didn't."

I burst into laughter "Did you really hit a pole?"

Marisha looked sad and said "Yeah, but as I said not my fault." Her face lit up
and she said "Time for us to go. Bye all and it was so nice meeting you Mr and
Mrs Davis. Come let's unpack for real." She grabbed my had and pulled me away,
all I could say was "Bye! Nice meeting you!"

The next morning I got startled when I didn't recognize where I was
immediately. From the other side I could hear Marisha breath and clearly she
was still sleeping. I got up, grabbed my robe from the hook on the door and put
it on. The hallway was still empty and I made my way over to the girls
bathroom. Even though this dorm was mixed, there were more girls than boys on
our floor so one of the boys bathrooms was being retrofitted for girls, but
until then we had to do with what was available.

Once in the booth I could let go of a deep breath wondering what the future
would bring. We would have a week of introductions to our new professors, our
fellow students and the extra-curricular activities we were expected to do. As
a first year student we were expected to do something that gave back to the
community. Kingston was well known for it's charitable work, a tradition
started by the founder Alexander Kingston. He was well known for all the
charities he started in his live.

Once back in our room Marisha had woken up too. "Good morning," she yawned, "I
had a good sleep. Did you sleep well?" I just nodded and sat down on my bed.
Marisha rose up and looked out the window. "Looks like another fine day," she
said, "I am going to wear a dress today. Yes." She got up, grabbed her robe and
disappeared. I didn't have problems getting up, but Marisha was just a little
bit to cheery in the morning. I grabbed my toiletries, a towel and walked over
to the girls shower rooms. Two of them were already in use the girls were
chatting with each other. I will need to get used to that, I thought.

I opened the farthest one and noticed there was a sign in the booth telling me
that once I pressed the button I would get 10 minutes of hot water. "You are
expected to vacate the showers after the ten minutes have passed." it read
underneath. I got my shampoo ready and everything else I needed. Ten minutes
were doable for me, I didn't shower long at home any way.

As I was getting ready I heard Marisha in the next booth say "Aw, ten minutes?
How am I going to do my hair?". A girl from one of the other booths shouted
"Very quickly?" Marisha started to laugh and said "I guess. Well, better get
started then." The other girl said "You can always wash your hair in the sinks.
There is no restriction on those."

When the ten minutes were over I was just about ready and put the towel around
myself. I walked over to one of the sinks and the girl who was on the other end
said "Hi, I am Valery. Also first year student?"

I nodded and said "Hi, Laura. Nice to meet you." I started brushing my teeth as
Valery asked "What's your major? Mine is Psychology."

I took the brush out and said "Law."

"Oh nice, Lilly, who's just coming out, is law too." The girl who stepped out
just said "Hi, I'm Lilly."

I held up my hand as a greeting and continued brushing. "Anyone got a blow
dryer? I forgot mine." Lilly dug in her bag and handed her one. Through the
noise the dryer made Valery said "I can't wait to meet our professors. Mine is
said to be very cute. Do you have a boyfriend Laura?"

I was just done brushing and rinsing my mouth. "No, never had one really."

"Never had a boyfriend? That can't be true, you're so pretty."

"Well, no long ones. Longest lasted a month maybe."

"A month? How many did you have?"

"Two."

"Two? No, you're pulling my leg. Lilly do you believe Laura had just two
boyfriends. Look at her. I wish I had her hair."

Lilly looked over and said "Don't worry. I only had one, enough to know that I
didn't like boys and I was gay. I really have to thank him for that, I guess."

"Your gay?" I blurted out and immediately my face turned red, "I am so sorry,
that came out wrong. I didn't mean it that way."

Lilly laughed "I am used to it. They all think that lesbians have short hair,
act like men and all the other stuff. No offense taken. But yes I am gay."

At that moment Marisha stepped out of the booth totally naked. "I love gay
people," she said, "and just to remind you, you can look but not touch, okay?
Hi, I'm Marisha. First year Creative Design and Photography. Nice to meet you
ladies."

Lilly laughed and said "So sad, I like what I see." Marisha had a devilish
smile on her face. "I like teasing lesbians," she said to me, "It's so much
fun." That made Lilly laugh even harder.

"I've seen many forms in which people accepted me, but never like this. Thank
you Marisha, this is the best way ever." Lilly shouted.

I chuckled and simply couldn't believe Marisha just walked out like that, but
now I knew why she had done it. It was her way telling Lilly that she didn't
care whether she was gay or not, that she simply accepted her for who she was.

I was done there and was packing my stuff when Marisha said "Oh no, no, no. You
are *not* having that bun today. Come here, I will do your hair, maybe a little
eye-liner and some mascara. Let me help you." I was dumbfounded by it and
watched her pull a chair closer. "Sit down," she said.

She braided my hair, did my makeup and when she was finished she said. "Look at
yourself. Isn't that better?" I hardly ever wore makeup and if I did I stopped
at eyeliner. This was way more than that and still subtle as if I didn't have
any one me. My hair was beautifully braided and I was just stunned by what I
saw.

"And you had just two boyfriends?" Valery laughed, "You are going to be
swatting them off after today." I felt myself blush and didn't know how to
respond. When I looked at myself in the mirror it just didn't feel like me,
but I didn't want to disappoint Marisha so I just said that I loved it.

Once back in our room I laid out the clothes I wanted to wear when Marisha
walked in. "Oh no, pants? Really? Don't you have a nice skirt or a dress? It's
going to be a beautiful day and it's Summer. Pants are for winter. Come let me
see." She opened my closet and browsed through my clothes. "No dresses? No
skirts? Are you really a girl?" she laughed. She walked over to hers, looked at
some and handed me one of her dresses. "This one will look nice on you. Try it
on."

"But I never wear dresses," I protested. But she didn't want to hear off it and
I tried it on. The bodice was rather tight but comfortable, the skirt pleaded
out nicely and it still looked stylish and professional. "Who said lawyers
couldn't look nice," Marisha laughed as she put on her bright dress with a
flower print. "Us creatives however..." she winked at me and I just had to
chuckle.

It felt weird walking out the dorms in a dress, especially because this wasn't
mine. It did feel nice feeling the warm breeze around my ankles. "When we have
time I will take you shopping," Marisha said as we walked to the elevators. We
said good bye when we both had to go a different way. And me walking through
those halls with makeup on, my hair in a braid and in a dress felt awkward. I
couldn't help but look what the people were thinking, but nobody seemed to pay
me any special attention.

During the first hour I got a list of books I had to get, the roster of the
first quarter and other information needed for me to start classes. Next I had
the introductions for my classes this semester, I got to know the professors
and my class mates, Lilly was not one of them. When I walked out I saw her
walking out a different class. "I don't think corporate law is for me," she
said, "I am going to administration, the professor said I could still switch
this week. What are you doing?"

"Criminal, I've always been interested in the process of solving crimes."

"I might do that as well. I got to go, see you later Laura. Nice dress by the
way, looks good on you." With that she walked off and I stood there blushing a
little. After another information session it was time for lunch, we had an hour
before we were supposed to come together in the central square. I walked into
the mess hall, got in line and checked my meal with my student ID card. My
parents had arranged that the bill for everything I paid with my ID was sent to
them. "Our gift to you," my mother had said. I had vowed to only use it for one
daily meal in the mess hall. "I want to stand on my own two feet," I had
replied, "and paying for everything is part of it. This way I know that I can
at least eat once a day."

"That's okay," my mother had replied, "just know that if you ever need it, you
can bill it on us at any time for anything."

I was holding my tray and looking for a place to sit. "Over here!" I heard
Marisha's voice, "Laura! Over here!" I smiled slightly and walked over to the
table she was sitting at. There were a few other people sitting there. "Oh hey,
how was it?" she asked as I was sitting down.

"Good, lot's of books I have to get. I have no idea how to get them." I
replied.

A young man sitting next to Marisha across from me said "Law? Yeah, just go to
the library like all the others do. Make copies and use those to study, copies
are free. At least for now."

"And who are you?" I replied. I wasn't about to follow the advice from some
random stranger.

"Oh, sorry. Hi, I am Sam. Marisha is in my class. Nice to meet you."

"You mean you are in class together --"

"No, I don't. Or I am doing something wrong. I am sure I am supposed to be the
teacher, though."

I blushed, I hadn't guessed he was the teacher. He was just a few years older
than us. "Yeah," Sam said, "I get that reaction a lot. I came here when I was
14, graduated at 18. Started teaching when I was 20. That was about a year ago.
So you could say I am a second years too." He laughed and bumped Marisha, who
just looked at him "No?", Sam said, "not funny? Whoa, difficult audience."

When it was time we all gathered in the square around the oak tree. Someone
started to speak. "Welcome first year students. It is time to pick you charity.
There are all kinds but we do advice to choose on in line of what you are
studying. The stalls as you can see are all around the square and along the
paths leading to the dorms. Take your time, but now that some are in higher
demand than others. Well, go and have some fun."

The nearest stalls were overwhelmed with students, those were the ones everyone
wanted or they just wanted to be done with it as soon as possible. Marisha and
I walked around a little. "What are you looking for?" Marisha asked.

"The one with the least people around it." I replied.

Marisha asked why and I explained "They might need our help the most and
therefore we might have the biggest chance to do something useful."

"Spoken as a lawyer," Marisha laughed, "I'm checking this one out. You go
ahead, I will catch up."

At the far end I saw a stall that nobody was checking. Behind it sat a girl who
was reading a book. She seemed startled when I said hello. "Oh hi," she said,
"Sorry for this. We normally don't get applications like this. Hi, I'm Kaiya."

"Laura. Nighthawk outreach? What is that?"

"We are a non-profit who take care of the girls on the street, either homeless
or *working* girls, if you get what I mean."

I did. I picked up a folder "So what is it you do exactly?"

"We hand out food, blankets, clothes, condoms, whatever it is they need."

"Condoms?"

"Yes, to prevent them getting an STD. Those men usually aren't the cleanest.
Just last year the police arrested some dude who was spreading HIV by demanding
to go commando. He infected almost 30 girls like that. Some are so desperate
they will agree to anything."

"To buy drugs, I presume."

"Not necessarily. Some were trafficked here, others were groomed. Either way
they are told they have a debt and this is the way to repay. The thing is the
debt never gets any lower as the pimp changes the amount or the interest."

"Oh, that's so sad. Why nighthawk though?"

"The founders daughter ran away from home when she was 13. She managed to
survive for quite some time. Whenever she went outside at night she whistled
like a hawk, hence the name. She was almost rescued if it hadn't been for that
scumbag who shot her from behind. When her father learned she had been helping
those in need in any way she could he started our organization. Because of her
legacy, we are protected out there. All the gangs denounced violence for the
hour she was being buried, that's how much respect they had for her."

"Wow, that's quite the story. Impressive."

"Yes, she was. Her real name was August, August O'Brien. Her brother now runs
the outreach. Why don't you come and check us out one day. We could use the
help, that's for sure."

"I might do that. -- No, you what? Sign me up. I want to help you. If this
isn't what I am looking for I can always look for something else."

I placed my name and phone number on a list she had. I was the very first one.

"There aren't many people interested when they hear who we help. They all see
them as evil or say this was their own fault. We try to make them human again,
show that they are the victims here. Thank you and I will call you later this
week."

I nodded and walked to where I had last seen Marisha. She stood at some stall
and when I approached I heard her say "I like photography. So you teach kids
this? So nice. Maybe I can help out with that. Where can I sign up?"

"What did you sign up for?" I asked her.

"Oh, a program where they teach art to kids in the poorer neighborhoods. It's
quite fancy, actually. They are about to start a photography and video class,
so the kids can do something positive for the neighborhood. And you?"

"Oh, just some program helping girls who are homeless. They give them clothes,
food and everything else they need."

"That's nice. But they don't have to be there, it might be their own doing."

"Actually it's not, not always. She told me a lot of them were trafficked or
fell into the wrong hands. They are told this is the only way they can pay of
the debt and are forced to be there. The only thing is the douche bags keep
changing the amount they own them, so there's no escape."

"I didn't know that. That's so sad."

"Ah well, if I don't like it I can always do something else. But I think this
is important, treating them as human beings if only for a minute."

For the next days we had more introductions, more meeting our fellow students
and a tour through the immediate surroundings of the college. Well, I say tour
it was more of a fox hunt, a game where we had to solve riddles that were
hidden through out the *old town*. It was a nice way to learn where the shops
were, the restaurants and such. On that Friday afternoon there was nothing
planned so we had time to get our books, notebooks and everything else we might
need.

I went out to look for a car, but it was of no use. Firstly I don't know
anything about cars, secondly most of the dealers were far away. So I abandoned
that quest almost as soon as it started. On my way back I was so deep in
thoughts on how I could look for a car that I bumped into someone. "Oh, I am so
sorry. Wasn't looking where I was going."

"That's all right," he said with a nice deep voice, "I do that myself
sometimes. My name is Travis, what's yours?"

"Oh Laura," I replied, "and again I am so sorry."

"And again it's alright, what were you in thoughts about? Maybe I can help."

"Thank you, but I don't think you can."

"Really? Dismissing me right of the bat. That was quick."

"It's more that I don't know you and I am not that kind of girl."

"I never proclaimed you were, I was just offering my assistance, if I recall
that correctly."

"You were, it's just --"

"Don't worry about it," he interrupted, "I understand and was just pulling your
chain a little bit. It was nice to meet you and you can run into me at anytime.
I play on the football team, so I am used to it."

As he walked away I couldn't help but look at him. He had something about him,
I just didn't know what it was. I walked back to the dorms and in the shared
area I got myself a cup of coffee from the machine. "Hey, you are in room 232,
aren't you?" they boy who sat there said, "Don't be scared. I remember things,
stupid things like that. I'm Matt, room 189. How are you?"

"Fine," I answered and wanted to go back to my room.

"Why don't you sit down? I like to talk to someone, my room mate is such an
asshole. I asked to get another room and they are looking into it. Look, I
said, if you do not want a fight in the dorms you better get me a new place,
because I ain't living with a racist."

"A racist?"

"Yeah, we were walking to the pizza place, you know on the square. Well, a nice
girl said hi and you know what he said? If only she were white, that's what he
said. I couldn't believe my ears! So I walked up to her and kissed her, right
on the mouth. It did help she's my girlfriend, I have to admit that."

I couldn't help but chuckle. "Is that a true story?"

"No, but it's nice to see a smile on your face. My room mate is an ass, but not
a racist. I hate living with my brother."

"Your brother?"

"Yeah, I just can't seem to get rid of him. We shared a womb, a house, parents
and now this. Know any good murderers for hire? I might want to hire one."

"No, why don't you check the yellow pages? Under M for Murder."

"Quoting old movies. Nice!" he laughed, "I think I might like you. Well, better
get back to that old bastard. He's five minutes older and you can see it."

I chuckled again and said "Good luck." As I walked back I thought it's nice
people are so friendly. Marisha was sitting at her desk in our room, she was
Skyping with her mother. "So when will they get here?" "Around noon is the
plan. They will call you when they are nearby. Now they will have to go back
immediately. Brandon has a game that evening, he's so excited to see you
again." "Oh, Laura just walked in. Gotta go. Bye mom."

She turned to me and said "I can't wait to have my car back."

"Yeah, all the dealers are so far away. I don't know how I would get there."

"Let's go tomorrow, after I have my car back. We can go shopping for one."

"Do you know anything about cars?"

"Not really, I know which colors I like on cars. But, I do know someone who
does. He's in one of my classes. I can ask him if he wants to come."

"That would be nice. I don't want to buy one that's not safe or in the shop all
the time."

"Hey, that pole came out of nowhere. It was not my fault!" Marisha chuckled.

The next day Marisha got her car back and ran into the room holding up her
keys. "It's back! I am so happy! Come let's go. He's waiting on us." I got up
and we walked to the parking lot to the back of campus. When I saw who was
waiting for us I silently gasped, it was Travis who had literally bumped into
the other day.

"So it seems I am going to help you any way," he said.

"You two know each other?" Marisha asked.

"I bumped into him yesterday," I replied.

"Literally, she literally bumped into me. Nice to see you again Laura, shall we
go? I know a good one just outside of town. Good cars, cheap prices. Did I
already say he's my uncle? If I didn't then I will say it now. He's my uncle."

After a drive of almost 45 minutes we arrived at the dealership. A balding man
came up to us shouting "Travis! I was wondering when you would come by? Looking
for a car? I can help you with that, got lots of them."

"Hey uncle Artie, nice to see you again? Hows aunt Maud? Is she doing alright?"

"Ah, you know how it is? MS is a bitch. She has her good and her bad days."

"Mind if we look around a bit? We are looking for a car for Laura over there.
We need a good, reliable car for a nice price."

"Ah, what I do for family. Sure, look around and we see what we can do."

We went from car to car and Travis popped open hoods, doors and whatever else
he did. All Marisha did was say "O, that's a nice color. What about that one?"

Finally we found one that I really liked and according to Travis it was a good
one too. He called his uncle for more information. "Ah, the Corolla, good car
that one. It might be a trope, but this one really belonged to an old lady. I
am not lying, it's the god honest truth. The motor is good, tires are almost
new and it has rather low mileage. Yes, it's a good one. They go like hot buns
over the counter, they really do. The last one I had for almost three hours,
this one has been here for just over a day. A lot of interest in that one."

"Now you aren't pulling my leg now are you, uncle Artie?" Travis said.

"Oh no, your mother would kill me if I did that. I love my sister, but I do not
want the see her angry, thank you very much."

"So what can we do about the price? I mean 9000, that's a bit steep isn't it?"

Artie laughed and said "I am going bankrupt with family like that. You do know
I gotta live, right? Okay, okay, how much did you want to spend young lady?"

"Oh, I don't really know. My parents will pay for it. I could Facetime them
right now, if that would help." I got out my phone and as soon as my mother
answered I asked her for my father. "Hey dad, I'm here on the lot with Marisha
and Travis, he's helping us. We saw this car and I was wondering what you
thought?" I turned to phone around and showed him the car we were looking at.

"Ah, A Corolla, that's a good one. It looks well maintained. And the price
isn't bad either," I heard him say. I turned to camera towards me and said
"Well, the dealer us Travis' uncle and we can do something about the price.
According to Travis it's a good car. But I don't know what I can spend on
this."

"Let me talk to the man," my father said and I handed my phone to Artie.

"Hello, Artie from Artie's Cars. It's a good car and I wouldn't dare to pull
one on my sisters son." I could hear my father chuckle and say "No, I feel you
man. My sister -- oh no, not going there. So, what price where you thinking
off." They negotiated for a while and in the end they agreed on 7,500 and that
would include a complete checkup off the car. They arranged somehow for the
contacts to be signed and in the end Artie said "Well young lady, we will have
your car ready by the end of the day. It's a quiet day today and I can't have
them sit around all day. So, if you come back here, say around six it should be
ready for you."

I got our my phone again and called my father. "Thank you, thank you. I love it
so much, your the best dad." "Thank you, the car is registered in our name and
on our insurance. We sent a copy over and it should be in your car by now. We
will send you the official paperwork, but according to Artie copies are allowed
over there, so maybe just keep the originals at home for now. If you have any
problems with it, just go there and he will send us the bill, okay honey?"

I knew better than to protest that one. He had set his mind on paying for my
car and if I only had to pay for gas, who was I to argue. Sometimes being an
only child had it's benefits.

"Well, aren't you happy that I helped you?" Travis asked.

"Thank you so much," I replied, "If I had known this yesterday --"

"Yeah, yeah, that's what they all say. Let's go back or I will be late for
practice."

Marisha came rushing back saying "Come on, we need to go get your car. It's
already five and we don't want to be late, do we?" I got excited too, grabbed
my purse and out we went. We arrived just after six because Marisha took a
wrong turn and we had to go the long way around. "Was wondering where you
were," Artie said, "But I knew you would come." The rest of the store was
already closed and all the lights were switched off. "It's ready for you.
Here's your keys and all the paperwork. Everything is signed and the car is
registered. If you do get pulled over just tell them you just bought it and the
papers are on their way over to you. The worst that could happen is that you
would have to show them at the station when you get them. Well, I wish you all
the best and have fun with your new car."

"Thank you, Mr Willingham. I think I will be happy with it."

"Just call me Artie, they all do."

"Okay then Artie. It was nice meeting you and please give your wife my well
wishes. I hope she will feel better soon."

"Thank you, I will. It's MS, so it won't get better. But she's surviving."

"Good to hear, thank you again and have a good night."

I jumped a little and got into my new car. It was such a pleasure to drive and
I was so happy with it. I followed Marisha back to college. We stopped at a
Target so I could buy a holder for my phone and some other things I wanted for
my car. After we drove back to college and after I parked I just stood there to
look at it. My very first car, I thought.

The next day I just couldn't resist to go for a drive. I wanted to test the
navigation on my phone and just wanted to drive for a while just to get to know
the city a little more. Plus it was nice to get out of the dorms for a while. I
drove all over town and stopped when I was near the beach. I had never seen the
ocean before we came to Fort Dix. Together with my parents we had strolled the
boulevard and looked at the people on the beach.

I took off my shoes as soon as I hit the sand. I walked up to the water,
jumping a little as the waves rolled in. It was so nice being there on the wet
sand. I walked for a while, stopped to watch a group play volleyball and walked
on again. A girl walked towards me wearing the smallest bikini I had ever seen
and nobody seemed to care. I walked back to my car almost an hour later and
went back to college.

## Chapter Two
The first few weeks were all about getting used to college life. I had to learn
how to best plan the time I had between going to class, eat and study. It was
just so different from being in high school. Here the teachers didn't really
care whether you went to class or not. It was all your own responsibility. If
you missed a class you better got hold of notes or you might have a hard time
catching up. I spent most of my time reading books, preparing for classes and
didn't have time for anything else.

But soon enough I found my rhythm and learned that studying in the law section
of the library was a big help. All the books I needed were there, so I could
easily look things up if I needed to. Marisha and I had become somewhat of
friends and I was happy sharing a room with her. Now that classes had started
for real, we didn't see each other that much.

In the mean time I had been to the outreach a few times and helped around the
center itself. Mostly paperwork that needed to be done for which they didn't
have time to complete. As I was a law student now they thought it might be more
in line with my studies and I was more than happy to do them.

During one of the spare moments Marisha and I were in our room together we
started to talk. "Seen any nice boys lately?" she asked.

I blushed a little "No, not really."

"You didn't? I saw the way you looked at Travis. He said he didn't mind seeing
you again. He really did. So why don't you?"

"Don't have time. With all this studying, the charity work and all. I just
don't see how."

"Bullshit, you need to make time. Whenever I see you you are in your books. You
have to make time for some fun too, Laura. This is college we're talking about.
We need to party and have a good time. You're only young once."

"Ah, I don't know. I'm not like that."

"Yes you are. You just choose not to, why?"

"What do you mean?"

"Oh, just the little things. You say you want to be alone, but you blossom
whenever you're around people. You say you don't make contact easily, yet you
talk to anyone. Why is that?"

I froze up and didn't know how to respond. I was okay with small talk, just
didn't want anyone to get close. I pulled up all the walls I could and I felt
myself in retreat. I couldn't tell her, could I?

"Come on, you should know by now that you can trust me. I want to be your
friend, Laura. And I think you want me to be one too."

I just looked at her and felt really confused. On one hand I wanted to tell
her, on the other I was just to scared. I had build these guard rails for
almost all my life and I was comfortable this way. I also wanted to have a
friend, a real one. Someone who accepted me unconditionally, I just wasn't sure
Marisha was that one for me. But how would I now if I didn't try, if I didn't
let her in, even if it was just halfway.

I lowered my head and whispered "I don't -- I can't -- I've been --"

"What? Just tell me. I might not know much but what I do know is that sharing,
talking about it helps."

I looked up at her and said "I've been hurt and I am so scared it will happen
again."

"I am so sorry. But if you don't let anyone in might be safe. It's lonely too."

Hearing her say that struck a cord with me. I was lonely, I had been lonely for
so long I was used to it. It had become my comfort place. How many nights have
you spent crying about this, I thought. Maybe it's time to let her in.

"I've never told my parents," I whispered, "They know about school, but not
this."

"What about school?"

"I was severely bullied. From a young age, I had a bad eye and wore a patch for
a year. That's when it all started. I hoped after the surgery it would be over,
but it wasn't. When someone was nice to me I thought I -- well, let's just say
he took advantage."

"You were *raped*?"

Hearing that word sent shivers down my spine. I had put it so far away and all
the memories flooded back. I bent over and started to cry. Marisha sat down
next to me, put her arm around me and just listened. "He grabbed me. Tore my
clothes off and said that this was what was expected. After he was done I put
my clothes on and ran out of there."

"Why didn't you tell police?"

I looked up and said "His father was the police. I couldn't tell him, he would
never believe me. His son never did anything wrong, not even when he wrecked
the car driving drunk. It was a miracle he didn't crash into someone as drunk
as he was. And he was only 16 at the time."

"I am so sorry," Marisha said, "but it wasn't your fault."

"I know," I replied, "I never told my parents what had happened. I just
straightened my clothes and went to my room to do my homework. It was hard but
I just couldn't get myself telling them. Then it happened again a year later,
this time with another boy. He was challenged to date me and we went out a few
times. One evening as we were going home, he stopped the car and pulled me
over. Before I knew it he was touching me down there. I tried to resist but he
as just too strong. Afterwards I was so scared I was pregnant, luckily enough I
wasn't. Having my period was such a relieve."

"And again you never told anyone?"

"No, by this time I was just able to put it away. With all the bullying and
everything else I had learned to not think about it. I acted like nothing was
wrong just to keep them from hurting me. And it did stop. I was alone and not
having friends felt safe."

"Wow, you must have been lonely though. Didn't that bother you?"

"No, well sometimes. But I just stuffed that away too. If you don't think about
it, it doesn't exist right? Or it didn't happen."

"But it did," Marisha said, "and you need to talk to people about this. You
need to trust some. You don't have to carry the world on your shoulders. I am
so sorry this happened to you, I really am. I mean look at you! You are so
pretty and such a kind soul. What's not to like about you."

"You should have seen me int those glasses. Thank god for Lasic Surgery. I am
so happy I don't need them anymore."

"You had Lasic? Wow."

"Yeah, my mother suggested it. I wanted contacts, but she told me about it. So
we went to see a doctor and he said it was okay. And I am so happy with it."

"I wished my mom was like that. She didn't want me to have extensions."

I chuckled and said "I've never told anyone. Please don't tell anyone. I don't
know if I could survive that."

"Your secret is safe with me," Marisha said, "And thank you for trusting me. I
mean that. It means a lot to me."

"Thanks, I have to admit it feels good now that you know."

"See? That's what I meant. And just to make sure you get what I mean. You are
*not* the victim here, you are a survivor. I mean I've been sexually harassed
and I don't know any girl who hasn't. Not to the extend you've been, but still
harassed. Like my ass being pinched, my boobs or forcing themselves on me to
kiss me. But I don't blame all boys, just the ones who act like that. There
are boys you can trust, like Travis for example. I am sure of that."

"Travis? I don't know if I am ready to do that. It was hard enough to tell you
and you're a girl."

"Last time I checked I was one, yes. Come, let's talk about something more fun.
Like clothes or makeup. Ooh, we could go shopping tomorrow. What do you think?"

I smiled and knew I just had made a friend, a *real* friend. One who was
prepared to listen and didn't run away. One who pushed through the barriers I
threw up and in my mind I thanked her for it. We talked about stupid things for
a while and for the first time I felt good about it. And maybe she was right,
maybe it was time for me to let more people in.

A few days later I was at the outreach and without really thinking about it I
asked Ashley if we could talk. Somehow I knew I could trust her as listening
and helping people work through things like this was kind of her job. We sat
down in the office and I started to talk.

"I've been through a lot and Marisha, my room mate, told me I should maybe talk
to you about it. I don't know why I just asked you, but if I do not do it now
it might never happen. I've build up walls and I am scared the breach she
created might close before I let anyone else in."

"I understand" Ashley said, "Shoot, I'm listening."

Ever so slow I told her everything. From the moment I started I just couldn't
stop. The bullying, the rapes everything came out and when I cried she hugged
me, telling me it wasn't my fault. She felt so warm and forgiving and that made
me cry even more. When I calmed down she leaned a little back and asked me to
look at her.

"First let me tell you this happens a lot more than people think. Most girls
don't talk about it. It's accepted as normal, but it isn't. Not by a long shot.
Now latest polls show 81 percent of women experience some sort of harassment,
albeit verbal or worse. About 27% get assaulted like you were. And that's not
okay. I've been raped. He took away my soul it felt like. I blamed myself for a
long time. Did I do anything to provoke him? Was it the skirt I was wearing? Or
the blouse? It wasn't until I met Liam when I realized it wasn't my fault. Why
should I change my clothes? Just because some guy couldn't keep his hands off
of me? We shouldn't be afraid to wear what we want to wear, do we?"

I shook my head. Ashley continued "Exactly. I am so sorry this happened to you.
I know what it is. I understand you blamed yourself. But not thinking about it,
not accepting that it happened doesn't make it go away. You should tell your
parents, you should go to the police. Too many get away with this just because
we don't report it."

"But one of them is the chief's son."

"So what? If he doesn't take the report or do anything shout it from the
rooftops. Make him pay. You are *not* the victim here, you are the survivor.
That's what makes you strong. I know how I felt when I realized that. I went to
the police and you know what? They arrested him, put him in jail. He's now
paying for what he did to me. His wife even divorced him, took away his kids."

"I don't know. Talking about it really hurts, I keep having these flash backs
now and I didn't have those before I told Marisha."

"That's because you are working through it. Something you should have done long
ago. It isn't easy, I know, but it's for the best. Trust me on that one. I've
been there. And anytime you want to talk, day or night, call me. It's good to
talk to someone who really understands. Trust me on that one too."

"Is that why you do this?"

"Part of it. These girls are raped on a regular basis, they are forced to sell
their bodies. Even if this just gets one of them out of there it will be worth
it. And now that you've told me this I know you will understand them too. You
know how it feels, how it takes your soul. But Laura, you didn't lose your
soul, you just have to learn to trust people again. And this, talking to
Marisha and me, is a very good start. Thank you for sharing this with me, I
feel honored and I am here for you any time of the day. Just call me, okay?"

I nodded "Thank you Ashley. I needed this, I really did."

"Doesn't it feel good to trust someone? Come on, it does, doesn't it? Just one
last thing. You have to tell Liam. Not in detail, but he's so good in noticing
when you need a break from all of this. He's good at reading signs from people
and it's not my place to tell him."

I nodded again and even had a slight smile. It did feel good and despite me
being sorry that it had happened to Ashley too, it felt good to know I wasn't
the only one. The rest of the day I spent doing the paperwork and felt good
about myself. I had started giving everything that happened to me it's proper
spot and I was working through it.

An hour later I bumped into Liam and got nervous almost instantly. "Liam, can
we talk for a moment? I talked to Ashley and she told me that I should tell you
this too."

"Sure, let's go over here," he said, "What is it?"

"This isn't easy," I said and I took a deep breath, "but I was -- raped twice."
I immediately started to cry, it was like a pressure valve had released and all
my emotions just flooded out. He put his arm around me and took me into another
room. He took me in his arms and just let me cry. I was bawling, just couldn't
stop. His arms around me just felt so warm and safe. He was just comforting me
and it felt good.

When I calmed down I apologized. "No need to apologize," he said, "this is a
good thing. This was bound to happen at one point. You've kept these emotions
bottled up for so long. This is a good thing. And thank you for telling me. I
am so sorry this happened to you, I really am. Just know that not all men are
like that."

"I know. It's just that I am so scared it will happen again."

"Well, not by me. You have nothing I'm interested in."

I looked at him confused. Liam laughed and said "I'm gay. I like men."

I started to laugh "Really?"

"Yep, been gay all my life. But back to what we were talking about. The fact
that you told me means that you are working through it. Pushing it away doesn't
work and you're experiencing it right now. This will get easier, but it will
never go away. It's like grieving for someone, you have to confront the
emotions and work through them. Talking to me or even better Ashley is good.
She knows where you come from, she's been there. She was a wreck when we met,
but that's on her to tell you about. Her talking to people helped and see where
she is now. One of the strongest women I know, even stronger than me. But don't
you ever tell her that, I won't ever hear the end of it."

I chuckled and said "Thank you. I feel ashamed for crying."

"Don't be," he replied, "Never feel ashamed for showing your emotions. Bottling
them up only makes it worse. Believe me I've been there too."

From that day forward it all became a lot easier. I had told three people now
and it had lightened the load on my shoulders. I felt more comfortable with
myself and didn't have to pretend anymore. I talked to Ashley a lot about what
had happened and told her more than I did anyone else because she knew what I
was talking about. She shared here experience with me and together we cried
about it. "Talking about it still helps me," Ashley said, "You should never
stop talking about it. The more you do the easier it gets, until the emotions
are gone. Forgiving him helped me even more. He deserves his punishment, don't
get me wrong, but I am no longer angry at him. He's paying the price and that's
enough for me."

"I don't know if I will ever get there."

"That's because they aren't being punished. You could still go to the police,
the statue of limitations hasn't expired yet. I secretly checked."

"I don't know. That would mean I have to tell my parents."

"Maybe, but you still have time. Think about it some more."

I didn't tell them until months later. It was one of the hardest things I had
ever done. The first thing my mother did was grab my hand and put me in the
car. We drove to the police station where I learned there was a new chief of
police. I talked to an officer about what had happened to me and she asked me
whether I wanted to press charges. "This will mean there will be an
investigation. For now its your word against theirs. You might have to testify
in court. Are you willing to do that?"

I thought about it for a while, looked at my mom and said "This is been
tormenting me for long enough. It's time I fight back. Yes, I am willing to do
anything it takes. I want them to pay for what they did to me."

My mother hugged me and said "That's my girl."

During the investigation more girls pressed charges. In total we were with
twelve. Both men were arrested, tried and convicted. One of them was married
and his wife looked at me during the sentencing. She didn't look angry, she
looked at me with remorse. Just before he was pulled away she handed him the
divorce papers and when she turned around and our eye crossed, she nodded. That
was enough for me.

Seeing them pay for what they did helped me a lot, so was being around those
girls. What had happened to me had happened to them too, almost the same thing.
They had blamed themselves too and didn't want to report it because of the
whole chief's son thing. I walked out of that court a survivor and it was like
the sun shone a little brighter that day.

## Chapter Three
After summer break spending with my parents I was more than eager to go back to
school. We had talked about everything a lot and it was more than good between
me and my parents. I had apologized for not telling them earlier and they said
it was okay. "I wished I could have helped you," my mother said, "But I do
understand why you didn't. From now on no more secrets, okay? You can tell us
anything. We love you and we always will."

I returned to college a different girl. More secure, more myself. I was ready
to take on the second year of college. I had passed the first with good marks
and just couldn't wait to be back there. Having worked through all that had
happened was the best thing that had ever happened to me.

My parents dropped me off at the airport and just before I left my mother said
"You're growing to me a wonderful woman and I am so happy to see that. Give
Marisha my love, will you? And bring her around some day."

"I will mom," I replied, "Now pleas let me go. I will miss my flight."

"I don't care," my mother laughed as she let me go. I rushed to the gate and
waved to them one last time. Now I was really ready to continue my journey to
adulthood.

Walking through that gate felt so good. I chuckled when I saw the new students
step through that gate as I had done a year before. "Hey there Danielle, how
was your vacation?" I asked the security guard. She smiled and said "It was
nice, thank you for asking. Nice to see you back Laura. Always a pleasure
talking to you." I smiled and walked onto campus.

As I was walking to the dorms I heard a voice say "Someone's happy to be back."

I turned around and shouted "Marisha!" I hugged her and arm in arm we walked
on. "Wow, someone's really happy!"

"Yeah, I can't wait to tell you all of it. Come, let's go to our room."

We sat down and I told her everything about talking to police, the trial and
everything. "It all went so fast. And when those girls stepped up, so did the
police."

"Wow, that's really fast. Must be nice to live in a small town."

"Yeah, one of the benefits. But mostly it was done because of the statue of
limitations. They just had to act fast and they did. It felt so good."

"I can only imagine."

"Oh, it feels good to be back here. It's so good to see you again."

"Want to get some food? I'm starving for a pizza."

We talked all through dinner. Marisha told me about her summer as I did about
mine. We spent the next day together too and before we knew it the new year had
started for us. The first few weeks were more about getting used to class life
again. To make it a little harder I had found myself a job at a store opened 24
hours a day. It wasn't the best job and if hadn't been for the hours I could
work there I might have rejected it. As there were more students working there
swapping hours when needed was easy.

On a Saturday I had a shift starting at six in the morning. Marisha cursed me
when the alarm went off and I got up. The halls ware still empty as I went to
the bathroom and the showers. I put on my uniform and walked to the car as the
sun was coming up. As I was driving to the store there were some road works and
I had to divert. Just to be sure I parked the car to set my navigation. I
didn't want to be late.

As I sat there my eyes fell on some girls across the street. From working at
the outreach I immediately knew why they were there. Their tight shirts, short
skirts and high heels told me the rest. I sat there watching them for a while
and saw a car pull up. One of the girls approached him, bent over forward and a
few minutes later she got into the car. I followed them with my eyes until the
turned the corner. I quickly realized I had to go and started the car again.

All day long I couldn't forget what I had seen. These weren't the girls we
would approach from the outreach as this was in another neighborhood. I worked
until noon, clocked out and drove back to college. Marisha was not there as she
was working too. I opened up Google Maps to find the street where I had parked,
I remembered seeing a Wallmart and a Burger King. "Union Street, that's it." I
thought and I went into street view just to see if I was right and I was.

"That's where they were," I thought. When Marisha came home I told her that I
had to work early the next morning. She sighed and I said "Yeah, someone really
needed the time off and I can use the money." I said to her. It wasn't a total
lie, I just didn't have to start work until eight and it was just for four
hours.

The next morning I parked on Union Street again. The girls were there too. This
time I had arrived a little earlier and I wondered why I was even there. What
was I going to do for the next two hours? Just sit there? I watched how they
were walking and how the approached cars. I wondered how it would feel like
being one of those girls. How it would feel getting into that car. When I
realized I was actually thinking about trying it I got angry at myself. "No," I
told myself, "You will get into trouble and if so you can forget ever being a
lawyer." But I was thrilled about the thought of doing it, there was no hiding
it.

I started the car after being there for almost an hour. I didn't want to jinx
it and some of the girls had been looking my way a few times. I drove through
the neighborhood for a while and it wasn't all that bad. It wasn't anything
like *old town*, but it surely wasn't one of the more dangerous parts of town.
Those I had seen via the outreach and this was nothing like that at all. I
could see myself living there one day.

I went to work when it was time and was signed the clothes department for the
day. As I was working my eyes fell on a rack with dresses for sale. I browsed a
few and they all were one-size-fits-all. When my shift was over I went back,
grabbed a view of them I liked and at the register my co-worker said "These are
so nice. I want to get some too." I paid for them and walked to my car.

It was the first time I had voluntarily bought dresses and these were tight
too. When I came home Marisha was more than excited to see what I had bought
and insisted for me to try them on. "That one is nice, I like the straps." and
"O, that one looks so nice on you." were some of the things she said. It was
when I wore the tube one when she said "Wow, Sexy! I like it. Use that body
girl, you rock it."

I looked at myself in the long mirror she had put on her closet. It did look
nice on me, maybe with a jacket or something. "We need to get you some heels to
go with them," Marisha said, "and some accessories."
