# My Dirty Little Secret
_a series of erotic tales by Transgirl_

## Open Waters

### Chapter One: Childhood 

In the north of the country squashed between the sea to the west and Lake
Magnum to the east, a small town can be found. Founded in the late 1600's as a
settlement of fishermen, it boomed when gold was found in the mountains to the
north of town. The Myalaga Mountains are now one of the main attractions for
all the tourists that come to seek peace and quiet as well as thrilling
adventures. During the summer the waters surrounding Milton Falls attract
sailing enthusiasts as well as people who love to hike the mountains.

Despite the onslaught of tourists and the enormous pressure to build large
hotels and the sorts, the people of Milton Falls had resisted and thus were
able to keep the rustic vibe and preserve buildings over 200 years old. The
largest hotel that could be found near Milton Falls was built just outside of
town and most of it was built inside of a mountain, which made that hotel
especially attractive to tourists as it was the only one built like that in the
whole country.

Myalaga Hotel was owned and run by my family ever since my grandfather built it
after years of struggle with the town council. When he came up with the plan to
build it inside of the mountain they finally agreed and now our one hundred
room hotel is the pride and joy of Milton Falls. We lived in a small house to
the left of the hotel. If you walked out the back you could go two ways, either
to the road or to the hotel, which was a small path meandering along the
mountainside.

It was nice growing up there. We had a big backyard with a swimming pool and
all the way in the back a small pier where my father could dock his boat. The
river it lay in led from the Lake to the sea and we could go either way. From a
very young age, after I had learned to swim, my father took me sailing. I
always loved to go onto the waters with him and when I turned fourteen I passed
the exams for my license and I was permitted to sail on my own, but only on the
Lake.

As a gift they bought me a small dinghy so I could sail my own boat, _Tinker
Tramp_ it was called. My father thought it was so funny and I just liked
because it sounded funny. I would go sailing any chance I got and when my
father saw how fast I was going he took me to open sea for the first time. I
loved it so much and it didn't take us long to plan a trip to Port Demali some
50 nautical miles to the south of Milton Falls. Port Demali was the closest
city to us and sure we could have easily gone there by car, but if you love to
sail...

It took us just under 12 hours to get there and we rested halfway near a small
rocky island called _The Maidens View_. Rumors had it that in the middle of the
1700s a ship sank nearby leaving just one survivor behind, a young girl who
somehow ended up on this rocky island. According to the story she was there for
over two weeks, surviving on crabs and fish she caught by hand and the water
she collected when it rained. Historians who researched the story however
discovered that it wasn't just a girl who survived there, it was almost
everybody aboard that ship and they were rescued mere hours after the ship
sank. As far as the record went the only casualties of the disaster where the
captain and a crewmen who happened to be at the spot where the ship ran
aground.

I loved being in Port Demali which to me seemed like the biggest city on earth
and during later visits we became friends with the harbor master and his wife.
They didn't have any children of their own so they treated me like their own
and spoiled me with gifts every time we were there. When my father asked them
to stop Mrs Roberts just said "Why? We don't have any family anymore or they
all live just too far away. So we spoil her a little, what's the harm?"

"Well, she expecting gifts now," my father replied, "Just this morning she told
me she was wondering what she would get from you today. That's not a good
thing, so please slow it down. I'm not saying you can't, just make it special
like for her birthday or when she's done something special. That's all I'm
saying."

Begrudgingly they agreed and despite my young age I understood why, my father
had been right I had been expecting gifts whenever we went over to visit them.
So when Mrs Roberts told me I just said "It's okay, Ma'am. I understand."

The first time I was allowed to sail there on my own was when I turned sixteen,
I had gotten my license to sail on the sea albeit withing 2 nautical miles from
shore, but to me it resembled true freedom. I had my sailing license way before
I ever got my license to drive a car. The morning of my first solo trip I woke
up before dawn, I was so excited, hardly slept all night. The light was just
returning when I walked towards the boat with my father. "Now just use the
outboard engine until you are out of port," he said. He knew far to well he was
giving me instructions I already knew, but I let him do it anyways. "And
remember to radio us when you reach Maidens View. Let us know you are okay." I
nodded, placed my bag in the cabin and hugged my father.

"I will be okay," I said, "I know what I'm doing, dad. Don't worry." As I
started the engine and slowly made my way down the river I shouted "I love
you!" and waved until I had to turn the corner and he disappeared from view. I
felt so excited and thoroughly enjoyed seeing the sun rise and the people
waking up. Slowly I made my way passed the harbor, waving back at some people
standing on their boats.

As I passed the harbor master he shouted "On your own today?" "Yes," I shouted
back, "Going to Port Demali. How's the wind?" "Blowing the right way," he
laughed and waved as I made my way out of port. When it was time I raised the
main sail and watched how it billowed up when it caught the wind, I secured all
the rigging and sat down next to the tiller to steer the ship. I had done this
so many times with my dad, but this time I had to do it all on my own. The boat
picked up speed and I enjoyed the splashes of sea water that every now and then
landed on my face.

As I still was a minor I was required to wear a life jacket on board, which
felt sort of restrictive but I simply didn't have a choice. When I was sailing
for about an hour the coast guard passed me, slowed down and I waved to them.
Over the speakers I heard someone say "You are too far from shore. Turn
starboard 15 degrees and remain there."

"Oh sorry," I replied, "I will do that." I turned the ship and they stayed with
me until I was withing the 2 nautical miles restrictions. Over the speaker I
heard that same voice say "Thank you Laura, happy sailing and fair seas." The
boat sped up again and I smiled, it was nice when you knew the people from the
coast guard.
