# My Dirty Little Secret
_a series of erotic tales by Transgirl_

## Sneaking Out

### Disclaimer
In all my stories I describe a country that doesn't really exist. It's basically
a mixture of several different countries, like the USA, Australia and countries
within Europe. So don't take it out on me if you read things that aren't wholly
according to reality, this is a story. I made it all up. Get over it.

Any resemblance to any person either living or dead is purely coincidental.

### Chapter One
If you would ask me how it all started I couldn't tell you, it just did and I
really have no clue where I got the idea from. The fact we lived in a small
town where hardly ever anything happened might be a reason why I even dared to
do it. Emerald Township was a quiet place as it had always been ever since it
was founded all those years ago. Not that it was a bad place, I loved growing up
there. As kids we could play outside and go swimming in the lake during the
summers. It was a safe place, a fender bender was the worst thing that ever
happened and that was big news in our parts of the world.

My mother worked as a nurse in the local hospital and my father was the owner
of the local factory. His father had started it almost 80 years ago and by then
he employed over a hundred local people. "We had to hurry to make the
deadline," one of them once told me on a company picnic, "Your father rolled up
his sleeves and helped out. He worked just as hard as we did and we made the
deadline with time to spare. That's why we love working for him, he's not
afraid to get his hands dirty." I had heard a lot of stories like that about my
father and it made me so proud of him. He was loved by the community and so was
my mother who had helped bring a lot of my friends into this world. Both my
parents loved helping the community as much as they could and that mentality
was something I had inherited from them.

One night I was driving home from a new years party, I was seventeen and it was
the first time I was allowed to stay until late. The streets were quiet and all
the houses I saw was dark as everybody had gone to bed already. The party had
been on the other side of town and I had to cross downtown to go home. Seeing
Emerald Township like this had something eerie about it, in some places where
the streetlights were out of order the shine from the full moon was the only
thing that illuminated the streets I was driving. I looked at the clock in my
dashboard and saw it was just after three in the morning. I had never been up
this late before and when I saw an open spot I parked the car. I wanted to walk
for a while before I went on home.

For the time of year it was relatively warm, the snow that had fallen weeks
before had all melted away. I closed my jacket and walked through the empty
streets. As I was walking a police drove towards me and stopped nearby.
"Getting some fresh air Laura?" the officer asked.

"Yeah, happy new year." I replied.

"Happy new year to you to," he said, "Be careful. I saw some foxes a few
streets down." I waved to thank him and he drove off. I continued walking and
turned left into the park. Some ducks were swimming in the water, their heads
tucked underneath their wings. It was all so quiet and peaceful out there. It
was just so nice to get some fresh air and stretch my legs before I continued
on home. By the time I got a little cold I was back at my car, got in and drove
home. My parents were woken up by me entering the house and we wished each
other a happy new year. I told them all about the party and even told them
about my short nightly stroll. I couldn't keep it from them as both my parents
knew all the officers of the local police department.

A few months later 
