# The Neighbor
*an erotic tale by Transgirl*

## Chapter One
The house next door had been empty for quite some time and it came as a
surprise to us when we saw the sign that it had been sold. From the moment we
saw that sign we were speculating who might move in there. "I hope they have a
daughter," I said, "Maybe we can become friends."

You can imagine my disappointment when we saw only one person moving in and
when we asked he smiled and said "Sorry, not married. No children, but my
nieces and nephews come by every now and then." His name was Tom and he quickly
fit into our neighborhood. The fact he was a car mechanic surely helped with
that, not to forget about his handsome looks.

Mrs Roberts, from across the street, was the first to welcome him with a nice
home baked pie. They must have had a lot to talk about as she came out almost
two hours later. A few days later Mrs Thomas brought him a freshly baked cake,
she too stayed for a while before she went home again. One after the other rang
his doorbell to bring him something to eat. When I saw that my mother was
making her famous meatloaf I was happy because I loved it. "Meatloaf for dinner
mom?" I asked. "Oh, this is for Tom," she said, "So sad, he's all alone and
works so hard. So we all bring him something to eat every now and then."

When it was done she let it cool down and when it was cool enough, she looked
at herself in the mirror, adjusted her clothes a little and walked over to the
neighbor with the meatloaf in her hands. When she didn't return in ten minutes
I sneaked out the back, crawled over the fence dividing our backyards and
peaked through the window.

There on the couch I saw my mother sitting on his lap, bouncing up and down. I
couldn't hear anything and gasped when I saw her open her blouse and exposing
her breasts. I suddenly realized what was going on. My mother was having sex
with this man. I ducked down and was dumbfounded by what I had seen. My mother,
the perfect wife, was having sex with this man and I was sure so did all the
other women in our neighborhood.

I sneaked back home as quickly as I could and sat in our living room waiting
for her to come home again. When she finally did her hair looked a little
disheveled and she her face was a little redder. "Be a good girl," she said,
"and watch some TV. I'm going to take a shower before your father gets home."

Should I tell him about what I had seen? I couldn't, because I wasn't allowed
to leave the yard. If I was to tell him he could punish me too for going over
there. I didn't know what to do and decided the best thing was to forget about
it and watch some cartoons. Half an hour later my mother got back down, her
hair and clothes were perfect as usual.

My mother had always been like this as far as I knew. She always made sure she
looked perfect in her vintage dresses, her hair in the styles of the 50s. My
father was the boss and my mother always did as he said. So knowing what she
had done that day, came as an absolute shock to me. And it wasn't like my
mother was the odd one out, all the women in our block were like her. The all
wore vintage dresses and were stay-at-home mothers.

When I saw Mrs Donningham approach walk towards the neighbor with a pot roast
in her hands I became curious. My mother was busy in the kitchen and she was
whistling a song, which meant she was totally unaware of anything I did. As
quiet as possible I opened the backdoor and sneaked over to the fence. In no
time I was over it and made sure nobody could see me. I slowly peeked inside
the neighbors house again and there I saw Mrs Donningham laying naked on the
couch. This time I could see him sliding in and out of her. Then I saw
something I just couldn't have imagined. Miss Tara, my English teacher, walked
in totally naked.

She sat down on a chair and watched them having sex. Then at some point she
stood up and crawled on Toms lap. She started to bounce and Mrs Donningham
kissed her while she was squeezing Miss Tara's breasts. I shouldn't be
watching, but I just couldn't stop. Then I realized I had to go back before my
mother found out I wasn't home. I sneaked back and closed the backdoor quietly
behind me. Grabbed an ice-cream from the fridge and walked in the living room.

My mother was still whistling that song and I sat down on our couch thinking
about what I had just seen. I was totally dumbfounded by it all.

A few days later we were getting ready for church like on every Sunday. My
mother looked immaculate and I wore my Sunday dress just like my father wanted
me to. After church we went back home and my father sat down in the backyard
reading his newspaper. "Well. We're off then," my mother said, "We should be
back in two or three hours." My father just grunted and said "Don't take too
long, dinner is at six as always." My mother nodded and took my hand.

When I asked where we were going she said "You will see. It's not scary at all,
just come with me please." Hand in hand we went outside and walked over to the
neighbor. My mother straightened her clothes and mine before she rang the bell.
I looked up wondering why we even went here. Tom opened the door and let us in.
"Welcome, welcome," he said with a smile, "You look beautiful Laura." I smiled
and felt really nervous.

My mother walked inside and when I did the same I saw all the women from our
neighborhood standing in a circle. The last one I saw was Miss Tara. What was
going on? My mother placed me in the middle of the circle and took her place in
it. Tom walked in and said "Thank you ladies for all you have done for me until
now, it's been more than a pleasure. And now you bring me this gift."

The all nodded. Miss Tara stepped forward and said "Don't be scared my child.
You will soon now what it is to be obedient." She took off my dress and my
mother stepped forward. "Don't resist my child. It will be okay, it's time you
become a woman. You are 16 now and it's time you learned what it is to be a
woman." She undressed me further and I felt embarrassed standing there naked.
Tom just looked and did nothing.

My mother looked at him and said "She's ready for you. Where did you want her?"
She guided me to the couch like he had indicated. Laid me down and said "Just
relax my child. It's all okay." Tom came closer to me, this time I saw he had
taken off his clothes too. My mother spread my legs and he laid down on top of
me. With total fear in my eyes I looked at my mother. "Sh, it's okay. Just
relax. Let him do what he knows best. It's okay, my child."

I felt a sharp pain in between my legs and looked down. Tom was pushing his
wiener inside me. "The pain will go," my mother said calmly, "Let him in,
relax." Tom pushed harder and suddenly it went inside me. I screamed from the
pain and he stopped pushing. I started to cry listening to the comforting words
of my mother. "Relax, relax my child."

I relaxed and Tom slowly pushed on. Then he started to slowly slide out and in
again. "Relax, relax. It will start to feel better soon, just relax." The
longer he slid in and out the better it felt. "Yes my child. Enjoy it, it's the
best feeling a man can give a woman. Yes, enjoy." I looked at my mother all
this time and she was comforting me all along. Then all of a sudden I started
to moan, it started to feel good, so good.

"Mom," I panted, "It feels nice."

"Yes my child, enjoy. Spread your legs a little wider, let him in deeper. Enjoy
what he gives you, it's such a gift." Tom started to move faster and faster, I
started to moan louder. "Yes my child, yes. Doesn't it feel good? Yes, yes, now
enjoy." She let go of my hand and stepped back into the circle of women
watching us. I turned my attention to Tom. "Put your arms around my neck," he
demanded and I did as I was told. "Tell me you like it," he said, "Tell me how
much you like it."

"Oh yes, I like it," I panted softly, "I like it a lot. Harder, faster."

Tom smiled and did as I asked. Suddenly I felt all my muscle tense up, I
started to shake and groaned deeply as I felt something strange roll over me.
The women cheered when they saw what happened. "Orgasm, orgasm, orgasm" they
chanted, "She had her first orgasm." Then they all started to undress and sat
down, they all spread their legs and started to rub their labia. I watched how
some even pushed their fingers inside, all while Tom was having sex with me. I
felt so special and said "Oh yes, fuck me Tom. I will be yours. Fuck me"

When he came all over my belly the women cheered once more, stood up and made
that circle again. My mother told me to go stand next to Miss Tara and I did.
Tom looked at all of us and said "This is the nicest neighborhood I ever lived
in. I am sure I will be happy here."

We all got dressed again and my mother made sure I looked perfect. She didn't
say a word and took my hand. When we were home all my father asked was "When
will dinner be ready?"


