# Chapter One
Going to college on the one hand really excited me, on the other hand I was
really anxious to go. I was raised in a small town and went to a small school
and that was all about to change. I was about to move to the biggest city in
the country and was about to attend a school 50 times the size of my old one.



My parents didn't like me moving to the other side of the country, not even a
little bit. They were happy for me too because I had always dreamed of going to
the college to which I was accepted. For that reason alone they were happy for
me.

My father was already in the car waiting for me and my mother to get in. She
did some last checks "Do you have everything?" she asked me. I nodded, we were
ready to go. I took one more look into the house where I was born and the
closed the door behind me. As we drove off I just looked over my shoulder
watching as the house got smaller and smaller, it was like I was leaving my
childhood behind and in some way I was. I was 18 now and on my way to become
independent.

As I didn't feel comfortable being around people I didn't know, let alone the
amount of people who would surround me in the dorms, my parents arranged for me
to move into a two-bedroom apartment. The daughter of a family friend was
moving out as she was about to get married and they agreed to me moving in. My
parents would be on the lease and responsible for the rent, I would pay them
half each month. If it hadn't been for that deal I couldn't have afforded
living there.

A few weeks earlier we flew over to see the apartment and I fell in love with
it the moment I entered. Emily, the daughter, had done a beautiful job
decorating and we were able to take the furniture off her hands for a
reasonable price. "I will take everything else," she said with a smile, "You'll
love it here, just as I did. And if you ever have any troubles with the
landlord call me and I will straighten him out." I laughed as the landlord in
question was her own father.

"If he ever gives me a hard time I will call you," I promised her. She smiled
and said "I am sure going to miss this place. It's a nice neighborhood and I'm
sure you'll adjust just fine. I did." Emily was from a small town just like me
and if she could make it, why couldn't I?

"Hey Dreamy," my mother said from the front seat, "we're almost at the
airport. You sure you got everything?" Again I nodded and stared at the
entrance to the airport. Another milestone for me was crossing the threshold of
the airport. One small step for me, one giant leap towards independence. A few
minutes later I made that giant leap as we entered the airport. We checked in
and our flight departed on time.

Three hours later we landed on _Freedom Airport_, Fort Dix. A city of millions,
the biggest city of our country. My father rented a car for a few days and
almost an hour later we turned onto the highway towards the city center. My
apartment was on the outskirts of what locally was known as _old Dixie_, the
oldest part of town. As we neared downtown Fort Dix I looked to my left outside
the window. If my eyes didn't deceive me I could see my new school: Kingston
College, the most prestigious school in the country.

"There it is!" I shouted, "I can see my new school from here!"

"We can go there tomorrow if you want to," my father said, "I, for one, would
love to see it for real."

"Can we?" I shouted, "Can we, really?"

"Sure," my mother laughed, "I would love to see if everything is still there."
My mother was an alumni of Kingston College and just like her I was going to
study law. I had struggled to choose between English and Law school for a
while, because I loved to read and write stories. Especially fantasy, lands of
orcs, gnomes and wizards. Lands full of lore and magic. I could lose myself in
those fantasies, but finally I chose Law School as I wanted to follow my
mothers footsteps and next to fantasy law always had a special interest for me.

"And", I thought when I made the decision, "I can still read and write stories
when I'm a lawyer, the other way around is a little more difficult to do." The
high rises indicated we were getting closer to our destination and I marveled
at all the buildings I saw. These weren't offices, these were apartment
buildings. For the first time I realized how many people actually lived in this
city, or better metropolis was a better word.

We found a parking spot on 32nd street not far form the building I was going to
live in. My mother gave me the honor of ringing the doorbell of apartment 4c. A
female voice said "hello?"

"Oh hi, it's Laura, Laura Davis. I --"

"Hey Laura, I didn't expect you yet, but come on in." suddenly I recognized
Emily's voice and a buzzing sound indicated we got enter the building. A few
minutes later we knocked on the open door and Emily walked up to us with a big
smile. "Welcome, welcome to _your_ apartment." she said, "I wanted to give you
the keys, from one woman to another." She stood up straight and said with a
solemn voice "Do you, Laura Davis, promise to take care of this apartment to
the best of your abilities?"

I stood up straight too and answered "Yes, I do."

"Then by the handing over of the keys I declare you the new resident of
apartment 4c, or Daisy as I used to call her." She held up the keys with two
fingers and when I put my hand underneath them, she dropped them into my hands.
She then hugged me and said "You'll love it hear, I promise." She then turned
to my father and asked him "Did you park on the street?" My father nodded and
Emily called a number using the phone next to the door.

"Jose? Do you have a moment? Yes please, thanks." she said, "Oh yes, if someone
is at the door you can use this to talk to them and with this big green button
you can open the door downstairs. Quite easy." At that moment there was a knock
on the still open door. There was a 50-year old Mexican man standing there
asking "You asked for my help?"

"Oh, Jose. This is Laura, she's the new resident and these are her parents. Can
you give them a guest parking card? They are parked on the street now."

"Oh yes," he replied, "please come." My father got up and walked away with
Jose. Emily said "He's such a sweet man, he worked here for almost 20 years
when my father bought this building and he just could stand firing Jose. One of
the best decisions my father ever made was keeping Jose."

We chatted for a little while and about 20 minutes later my father came back.
"This is the best," he said, "whenever we come here we can get a guest card and
park for free in the back. I knew Peter was a softy, but this?"

"Hey, you're talking about my father," Emily protested, "he's not a softy! He
just has a good heart and cries whenever he sees Bambi's mother die. Oh and
Laura? If he ever gives you a hard time, just call me okay?"

I nodded and it was time for Emily to leave. She took one last look around the 
apartment and I could see it was hard on her as there were little tears in the
corners of her eyes. Finally she closed the door behind her and we were alone.
I got my bag and threw it on my new bed, where I would be sleeping for the
first time later that night.

My mother inspected the kitchen and came to the conclusion we had to buy
everything. From groceries to pots and pans and everything in between. "Looks
like we're going out for dinner," she said with a smile on her face. She always
loved going out for dinner. "Yep," my father said, "and it looks like we need
to get a TV too." It was like they were moving into this apartment and I just
let them do it because I knew they loved what they were doing for their only
child.

I spent some time putting away my clothes in the wardrobe and the dresser, made
my bed and sat down on it. It was so weird being there knowing I wouldn't go at
the end of the day, somehow it still felt like Emily's apartment and as if we
were just visiting. I looked at the vanity at the end of the bed, I had never
had a vanity before in my life. A sat down at it, opened another suitcase and
got out my jewelry stand and the bag full of bracelets, necklaces and other
knickknacks. If this was going to be my bedroom I wanted to make some changes
and make it mine. I just had no idea what I wanted yet.

My mother shouted "You even have a bath! I know what I'm doing tonight!" My
father who was busy preparing the air mattress in the other bedroom shouted 
"Only if I can get my daughter a TV!" My mother shouted back "Deal!". I loved 
how my  parents always negotiated everything. When I walked in the living area,
he winked at me and said "I'm getting you a TV! And we might even go look for
bed in here too. This would make a nice guest bedroom."

"I know dad," I replied, "I heard and I wanted to make it a study or
something."

"Why?" he replied, "you could study at the dining table. Or just make it both,
a study with on of those beds you can put away? What are they called?"

"Convertible beds?" I replied

"Yes, one of those."

"It could be an idea. But maybe you're right, just another bed will do fine. If
the weather is nice I could study on the balcony."

"Oh," my mother said as she walked in, "don't worry about studying here. That
won't happen. Mostly you will study at the library, trust me. You will need the
books they have there. So do with that room whatever you want, but one thing I
know for sure: there won't be any studying done in there or anywhere else in
this apartment."

Maybe she was right, she was talking out of experience but she stayed at the
dorms back then and that might be a different story. After my father was done
preparing their bedroom for the upcoming nights we went out for dinner and
after a short stop at the mall we ended up home and I watched how my father was
installing the TV. My mother was doing the dishes as she had bought all kinds
of mugs, glasses and silverware while we were at that store.

A few minutes later the sent of freshly made coffee made its way through the
apartment. "At least she left that thing behind," my mother sighed. We spent
the night watching TV and making plans for the following days. My mother made a
list of what to get and what we wanted to do. As the lawyer she is she loved
making detailed plans as her husband and daughter we thought it our duty to
disrupt those plans as much as possible.

The next day we got up early, went out for breakfast and went to see my new
school after. It was just magical for me to see the buildings for the first
time with my own two eyes, for my mother it was a road trip back to memory
lane. "Oh they changed this" and "They changed that too?" came out of her
mouth, when she bumped into one of her old teachers we waited on her for quite
some time. "Oh yes, this is my daughter Laura, she will be attending in two
weeks."

"Ah, Laura," the woman said, "I'm professor Richardson, what will you be
attending?"

"Law school, just like my mom." I replied.

"Ah, then you could be attending my classes. I will make sure to remember that
and don't be like your mother. It took almost all of me to turn her into a
lawyer."

"Dana!" My mother shouted. Which was answered with a brisk "Remember where you
are!" My mother was a little flustered and said "Sorry, Mrs Richardson." The
woman chuckled and walked away. My mother turned to us and said "I was one of
her best students and now she says this about me? Huh, you think you know
someone."

"Why did you call her Dana?" I asked her.

"Oh, that's a long story. Let's just say I had a fling with her son once. Way
before I met your father. He passed away in a car accident and I helped her sue
the insurance company after I graduated. We weren't dating anymore so there was
no conflict."

"Ah," I replied as I had heard the story about how they met more than a
thousand times and really didn't want to hear it again.

"The funny thing is," my mother continued, "if it hadn't been for that case I
wouldn't have joined the firm I was suing and thus wouldn't have met your
father. Come to think of it, somehow Johnathan made it all happen." She smiled
as she remembered those times.

All I knew is they met when she literally bumped into my fathers car, she
noticed to late my father was stopping for a traffic light. They exchanged
phone numbers for the insurance, but my father called to ask her out in stead.
A year later they got married and three month after that I was born. Everybody
who knew them said their marriage wouldn't last, now here they were all those
years later and the only couple that still was together. Somehow they had found
the key to a good marriage.

The next few days were spent going from store to store acquiring everything I
needed for my apartment and slowly I made it mine. Together with Jose we had
put picture railings on the ceiling so it was easier for me to hang some
pictures, we changed the lamps above the dining table and painted one of the
walls in my bedroom. In the end I was pleased to see how I made the apartment
more me.

A bookcase filled the wall next to the dining table and when my books would
finally arrive I could fill it to the brink. The shipment had some delays and
we got notice they would deliver everything the next week. In it was my whole
life, from books to clothes, from notebooks with my stories to the photos of my
old friends. Having all of those was very important to me and a bit unsettling
it still hadn't arrived yet.

A phone call from my mother had sped it all up and they made the promise they
made. Sometimes is was very handy to know a lawyer, especially when she was
your mother. "Well thank you," she said after ten minutes, "but if it still
isn't here next week, we will be paying half of the bill. As per the contract
that was signed by both parties. Sure, I would be happy to go to court, when
can we go? What? Oh didn't I tell you? Yes I am a lawyer and contract law is my
specialty. So when can we go? Good, we'll be happy to see them next week.
Thanks again for your cooperation. Have a nice day now." She smiled as she hung
up and said "Sometimes they think just because I'm a woman --" she didn't
finish that sentence but I knew what she meant to say.

It was so quiet now that my parents had left, I looked in the room they had
been sleeping in and sat down on the bed they had shared for those nights. If I
did my best I could still smell her perfume. This was the first night I was
alone in my new apartment and I felt a little lost. It still didn't feel like
my home, it still felt like I was visiting someone. I stayed there for a few
minutes, sat down in the living area and watched some TV until it was time to
go to sleep.

The next day I had to stay home, the people would come to install the internet
and if everything went okay my shipment would finally arrive and they would
fill my apartment with all those boxes. The internet was connected in just ten
minutes and it was almost three in the afternoon when a small truck parked
outside my apartment. Finally my shipment had arrived.

It took them almost an hour to unload everything and bring it upstairs. When
they were done I offered them something to drink, but they refused. "Mighty
nice of you," the older man said, "but we really need to go. Or we'll be late
for our next stop. Have a nice day, miss."

I looked around at all the boxes, shrugged my shoulders and went to work. It
took me three days to put it all away and some even went into the storage I had
down in the basement of the building. I took a quick look in the launderette
when I was there and was happy to see it was free for the residents of the
building. I just had to bring my own detergent, or one of the three allowed
that is. There was a roster hanging by the door where you could claim a slot
when you wanted to use one of the machines.

When I was finally done unpacking everything and saw my now filled bookcase the
apartment felt way more like it was really mine. My favorite poster had a
prominent spot in the living area and I sat down on the couch with a big smile
on my face. That night I spent reading my favorite book, I had read it hundreds
of times now but it felt so right to read it all over again now that I was in
my own apartment.

The sun was already up when my alarm woke me up. I hadn't slept all night, but
I jumped out of bed, showered, had some breakfast and got out of the door. This
was the first day of my new life. This was introduction day!

Just before they left my parents had one more big surprise for me. They had
bought me a second hand car. "You will need it," my father said, "it isn't new,
but almost. You're in a big city now and you will get bumps and scrapes. What
do you think?" I jumped into his arms and thanked him. "It's lovely dad, I love
it."

I was driving to school and was happy I had explored the way a few days before,
because driving in all this traffic had some getting used to. I took the exit
as my navigation instructed me and another ten minutes later I turned onto the
parking lot of Kingston College. I grabbed my bag and straightened my clothes
before I took my first steps to becoming a student.

In my head I crossed another threshold when I stepped over the imaginary line I
had drawn underneath the gate. A step from high school girl to Kingston College
student, I thought as I crossed that line. I registered myself at the
appropriate table and got handed my official Kingston College student card. The
girl explained that it opened the doors to all the departments I had access to
and that there were a lot of stores, restaurants and bars that offered
discounts. "If you need books then _Nobles_ is a good place to go. They are
just outside the gate to your left." she said. I thanked her and went to the
next spot I was expected to go.

As I was studying the little map I had received and was checking where to go I
bumped into a girl who was also searching. "Oh, I am so sorry," I said, "I
trying to find admissions. Do you know where it might be?"

The girl shook her head "I'm trying to find them too."

"Well, maybe we could help each other. I'm Laura."

"Marisha, pleased to meet you. So I think it's over there, but the sign said
"administration". I'm so confused. My school was way smaller than this."

An older student walked by and I said "Excuse me. Could you tell us were
admissions is? We can't seem to find it."

"Oh sure, it's right over there, in the Administration building. Just go in,
second door on the right."

"Thank you," I turned to Marisha and we both burst into laughter. How could we
have been so dumb, I thought. We went inside and when it was our turn we showed
the woman our cards. "Ah," she said, "law school. Just don't come to me with
all the rules and regulations. I've worked here for over 30 years now and I
know all of them by heart. The likes of you made sure of it." She looked at us,
saw our faces and laughed. "I'm Martha, welcome to Kingston. Here are your
schedules for the week and these are the books you will need to acquire.
There's a book market down in the basement, especially for 1st year students.
So you better hurry."

"Thanks Martha," I said and just as I was about to leave I asked her "How can
we find the basement?" Martha laughed and explained us how to get there. We
both got about 90 percent off our shopping list and with our arms filled with
books we went up the stairs again. A teacher who saw us sprung into action and
got us our lockers so we didn't have to carry those books up and down the
school.

There were a few more stops for us to do and when they were done we sat down in
the school restaurant enjoying a cup of coffee. "So," I asked Marisha, "where
are you from?"

"Oh, you wouldn't know it," she replied, "it's such a small town."

"Try me," I replied.

"White Mountain," Marisha said, "it's a small town near --"

"Springfield, yes I know."

"How?"

"I'm from White Mountain too."

"What?!"

"Yup, what high school?"

"Lincoln"

"Than that's why we never met, Henrietta Tulsa."

"Tulsa?"

"Yes, why?"

"Rich kid"

"Not really, my mother is a lawyer and my father owns the hardware store."

"Like I said, rich kid."

"If you say so."

"I don't like Tulsa people, they're all so uptight."

"Than it's time I show you Tulsa people can be different."

"Until now you are succeeding." Marisha smiled.

It had always been a friendly rivalry between our schools. The animosity was
fought out on the football field and never anywhere else. The yearly match
between the school teams was a very special occasion in White Mountain.

"We need to get going," I said, "we're expected in the main hall. The dean is
opening the year and I do not want to miss it."

The opening consisted of a few speeches and it was clear to me Marisha was
really bored, but she respected the people who wanted to pay attention like me
and I was grateful to her for it. The rest of the week was orientation week in
which we got to know our professors, the school and our fellow students.

On the last day the extracurricular activities presented themselves. Most of
the stands were fraternities or sororities, but some of the were about the
other things there were to do. Second year students could apply to join the
Innocent Project and for first year students all kind of other legal volunteer
work was available. I stopped at the school paper stand, then at another few
stands.

My heart skipped a beat when I saw _the Rolling Dice_ on a sign, a group of
students who played tabletop games and I went over immediately. The girl behind
it was a little startled when she saw someone showing interest. "Do you play
Dungeons and Dragons?" I asked her. Her eyes lit up at those words and she
replied "Yes, you play too?"

"No, but I really want to. I never had the chance in White Mountain, but I
heard so much about it."

"Oh, you will love it. I'm Ashley and we play every Thursday at nine. We're
about to start a new campaign. Matt! Matt! Come here! Yes, someone is
interested. No, I am not kidding!"

A young man with long hair joined us and Ashley said "This is Matt, he's our
dungeon master. He thinks of the ways to kill us all, he's the best."

Marisha joined us and I saw something in her eyes when she looked at Matt.
"Marisha, they play D&D!" I shouted.

"D&D? What's that?"

"Dungeons and Dragons," Ashley said, "Basically we tell a story. And the dice
determine what happens. You could be in an epic battle with a dragon and you
need a good stab at him, he's almost dead and it's your turn to roll. You pick
up your dice, roll -- Natural One."

Matt took over "And with that roll the dragon swoops it's tail. Taking you
totally off guard. You try to block, the impact is just too much. You fly
through the air --"

I picked up a dice, rolled it and shouted "Natural 20!" Matt looked at me and I
say "I cast _Feather Fall_ and a blue stream hits the little gnome. Her fall
slows down and she lands safely on the floor."

Ashley took over and said "I raise my hand at the dwarf and thank her by making
a little bow. That's Dungeons and Dragons! We have epic adventures in a land
full of mystery and magic. That was epic Laura! Good safe!"

Matt laughed and said "You both would be more than welcome to join. We're
starting a new campaign and this Thursday we will be spending some time
creating new characters. Then I can think of a story line. After that we play a
game zero so we can try out the new characters before we really start the
campaign."

"I would love it," I said, "I love fantasy. I've got quite the collection I
might say."

"And you?" Matt asked Marisha.

"I don't know man," she replied, "seems a waist of time."

"Why don't you just give it a try," Matt replied, "If you don't like it, then
it's just another Thursday."

Marisha chuckled "You know how to sell it."

"Yes, I love this game. It's the best, we're all best friends because of it.
D&D is more than just a game. Last campaign on of the party died and we had to
address loss and grieving. How does your character cope with that? And you
can't react like you would, you need to think of how your character would cope.
So if that character is totally opposite from you? What do you do?"

Marisha thought for a moment and said "Okay, I might come by and see what it
is."

"And I will host a one-shot. Just a small one so you can experience the magic
of the game."

"A one-shot?" Ashley cheered, "Really? Oh man I need to call Sam. If I tell him
the other will know it in no time at all. Can you stay for a moment? I need to
make that call." She took a few steps and I heard her say "Sam? Sam? It's me.
Yes. Matt just said he's doing a one-shot Thursday. Yes. Yes call the others,
they all need to come. Thanks Sam."

Matt laughed and said "Well, seems like I have work to do."

It was almost nine when I walked into that small room in the basement of the
school. In the center was a table with nine chairs around it. One at the head
of the table where the dungeon master would sit. Ashley was already there and
introduced me to the rest. A bit shy of being around all these new people I
became all quiet once more. They were all a talking amongst each other as Matt
entered and started to prepare.

Just as we were about to start the door opened and Marisha walked in. "Sorry,
sat in the wrong room." They all started laughing and Marisha said "I was sure
you guys said 39." Taliesin, a young man with a bit of a mohawk said "No room
three at nine." He laughed and Marisha shrugged her shoulders.

"I was afraid you wouldn't come," I whispered.

"I almost didn't," she replied, "but I was bored and thought it's something to
do."

Matt started the game and we had several characters to choose from I chose a
small human girl with arcane powers. To even it all out a bit Matt made me
choose a different sub-class so I wouldn't be too overpowered. After half an
hour we started the game and Matt began to tell us about a land full of
mysteries and magic, where a cruel king ruled over all the lands and everything
was controlled. In that land a little girl (me) was walking towards the
capital. She had heard of this group of adventurers who could possibly help
her. We fought a few battles, came across a maze where we fought the evil
spirit that controlled the king.

After an epic battle Marisha struck the final blow and she cheered the loudest
of us all. With that final blow we had not just saved my parents, but the spell
that was cast over the king was broken too.

When it all was over Marisha was the first to speak. "Man, this was awesome. I
have to give it to you all, this is a good game."

"Now imagine this story stretched out over months. Where you start at level 2,
you hardly have any magic. You will have to earn those levels. You will not
only learn your magic, or your fighting skills, you will get to know your
character too. He or she will become a part of you. We didn't just tell each
other stories the last campaign. To us they are real memories." Matt said.

Liam filled in and said "Exactly. To us it is real. Sure we know too well it's
all imagination, but we fought those battles, we felt the victories and the
loss. See it as someone telling you about a football game. To you it's just a
story, right? Well, for the one telling it isn't to him or her it's real."

"If you explain it that way I can agree," Marisha said, "and to some extend I
can too. Because of the game we just played."

Sam turned to me and said "It's always the quiet ones that get you. Laura, you
were so quiet before and after the game. But how did you ever come up with
doing that spell at that moment? It was just -- so right!"

"I don't know," I replied, "I just saw it on my sheet and thought why not? I
was lucky with the roll though."

"Lucky? Luck had nothing to do with it. You made that happen. If you hadn't
cast _hold person_, Marisha would never had gotten that last blow. Which was
epic by the way."

We all laughed and talked some more about the game we had just played. I got
home around one in the morning and went to sleep. A sleep in which I dreamed
about the lands I had just visited with my new friends.
