# Chapter Two
Introduction week flew by rather quickly and I was introduced to my new
teachers, class mates and received a list of all the books I needed to get.
During one of my classes I was happy to see Marisha sitting there and I sat
down next to her and listened to the teacher explaining why we all needed to
pass that class. "Writing a good story enables you to write a good letter," she
said, "Not only grammar and spelling are important, but also the way you build
a story. The way you express what you mean on paper."

After school with my schedule in hand I went back to the department store and
we agreed on the hours and when I could work there for the upcoming semester.
"I will get a new roster next semester," I said.

The manager, Roy was his name, said "Not a problem. We're used to it and just
come on in and we're reschedule. And just to be sure, if somehow you can't make
it, please try and switch shifts with one of the other people. If nothing works
out then come to me and we'll find a solution, okay?"

I would start the next Saturday and had agreed to a full shift, starting at
6:30. I did wonder why it started so early, because the store didn't open until
8, but I guessed I would find out that day.

The rest of the week was filled with more introductions and more lists of books
I needed to acquire, all and all it started to add up and I wondered if I could
afford all of them. Then I remembered the book market they had organized in the
basement of the Main Hall especially for the first year students and I went 
down there to take a look.

The books were all second hand and most of them were full of markers, but I
managed to find quite a few of them in a rather good state. One of them even
was pristine, like it had never been opened. In the end I managed to collect
almost 90 percent of all the books I needed and it only cost me around 50
dollars in total. Needless to say, that book market became more and more
popular as word got around. I was just lucky enough to be one of the first who
went there.

Now I just needed three more books to complete my collection. The three of them
were almost double what all the others cost in total, but I needed them so I
got them. I struggled a little to get all of them to my locker and was relieved
when I finally could close it, my books safely inside.

It was Saturday morning and my alarm clock woke me up at 5:30, I took a quick
shower, put on some easy clothes. The sun was just about to come up as I drove
towards my first day at work. I rang the bell next to the entrance for
employees, told the guy who opened who I was and I was let in. After a short
introduction a woman called Latisha would explain to me what I was expected to
do. She was very pleasant to work with and told me she was a mother of three
and how proud she was of all of them.

"It ain't easy being a big black mamma," she said, "but I'm not going to let
that get me down, oh no." I chuckled and said nothing. "Now," she said, "it
ain't all that difficult, just grab one of those carts and follow me." I did as
I was told and she showed me how to refill the stock. "And when a customer
comes to ask you a question, just tell them it's your first day and point them
to me, you hear?" I nodded and started to refill the stock. She pointed out
some errors I made and I tried to do my best.

After a long nine hours I was tired and glad to go home. The work in it's own
wasn't that difficult, it was just hard work and there always was some manager
pushing you to do something. The only rest I got was during my 10 minute breaks
and if you got up a little late? Let's just say I decided to look for something
else, until then I just had to suck it up.

I got home around 4 in the afternoon, just in time to let the cable guy in who
would connect me to the internet. Finally! With the flux of new students coming
in they had a very busy schedule as they were the only company who offered a
student discount, offering the highest speeds for the price of the lowest.

It took him about 15 minutes to complete the installation and when he left I
could wait to try it. I opened my laptop connected to my new WiFi and was
amazed by the speed. I was used to what my parents had and this was so much
better. I checked my e-mail and responded to some of them. Most of it wasn't
that important and I ignored them. Then I watched some videos on VidSpace and
caught up with the girls who's vlogs I followed.

I also logged into the schools website for the first time and completed my
personal information, checked my school roster one more time and joined the
message board for students. It didn't take long before a red dot indicated
somebody had sent me a personal message. It was from Sam.

> Hi, finally you made it here! I just wanted to remember you about tonight
> at 7, room 14. Be there or be square! I really don't know why I wrote that,
> but it's there. Bye, Sam.

I giggled and thought 'At least he's persistent.' and I replied to him with:

> Hi Sam, yes I finally got my internet today. And I don't know if I can make
> it. Had my first day at work today and I'm rather tired. Don't think I want
> to do anything else but watch some TV and go to bed early. But thank you for
> the multiple invitations. Laura.

He almost immediately replied:

> Oh, but in that case you simply have to come. There's nothing better than
> sitting with a group of friends telling a story. Please come, you don't have
> to join the game. Just come and listen, it's way better that looking at that
> stupid box.

This was getting a little annoying and I replied:

> I will think about it, don't wait for me though.

A simple "See you tonight then." ended our conversation. And I couldn't resist
a chuckle, he was so sure of himself I thought. I looked at the clock and
thought 'If I'm going to do this I better get ready.' I took a shower, put on
some clean clothes, made myself a simple dinner and around 6:30 I was walking
over to school. I couldn't believe I was actually going through with this and I
really didn't want to give Sam this win, but did have a point. I could be
sitting home alone or I could be with a group of people I liked to be around
with.

Sam's eyes lit up when he saw me standing in the door. "You made it!" he
shouted, "come on in, come on in. We're just setting up and are waiting for
Ashley. She's always a little late. Come on in, sit down. So nice you decided
to come."

"Well, you didn't leave me any choice, did you?" I replied.

"I guess I didn't," Sam smiled as he sat down at the table. There were books on
it and I took one of them. It was the players handbook and it informed me about
all the races and classes there were in the game, and there were a lot of them.
As I was browsing the book I heard a familiar voice saying "Am I too late?"

It was Marisha who was very surprised to see me there. "Laura?" she said, "What
are you doing here?"

"I could ask you the same question," I replied, "but so nice to see you." Right
after her Ashley walked in and sat down at the table saying how sorry she was
she was late. Travis sat down next to me and Matt took his place at the end of
the table which was now lit by candles alone as he had turned of the lights.

"Are you joining us or just here to listen?" he asked me.

"Just listening," I replied.

"Okay then, everybody ready? Here we go." Matt changed his voice a little and
started "The lands of Wildemount are harsh and almost barren. The mountains are
covered with snow and life is hard in these parts of Exandria. The wind howls
over the rocky landscape and along the path leading from the mountains to one
of the more prosperous regions walks a man, his back arched against the wind.
His clothes tethered, it's clear he's been traveling for a long time. There is
a look of determination on his face, a look someone gets when they near their
goal. With every step he takes he gets nearer to where he needs to be."

"As the man is walking our attention is drawn to a tavern in the small town of
Gutenberg, a name it derived from the mountain it resides on. It's a small
community of mostly farmers, but the town got it's wealth from the local
breweries. Somehow, and nobody really knows why, the lands surrounding
Gutenberg enables the farmers to grow very good grains, especially for brewing.
And Gutenberg is know for it's beers all over Exandria."

"In that tavern, almost to the back we see three people sitting in a booth.
Travis? Would you like to tell everyone who they see?"

Travis responded with a "Who? Me? Well, okay. I'm an 6 foot tall half-elf,
light blue skin, pointy ears and a rather big scar on my face. I wear very fine
clothes showing clear signs of several repairs but I wear them with dignity
only an half-elf has. My name is Dyra, Dyra Bucktooth." Everybody laughed when
he said that name.

"Any particular reason for that name?" Sam asked.

"No, just unfortunate." Travis replied.

Matt told the rest of the story and everybody introduced themselves. Ashley was
a female barbarian, white skin, a tattoo on her chin and Sam played a dwarf
who carried a rather large hammer. Ashley's name was Yasha and Swam played a
character named Iskander.

As Matt continued the story he told how the man walked into the tavern and sat
down with the three adventurers. Matt changed his voice to sound crackly and
said "I've traveled for two days to find you, Iskander. You have to come back
home. We need any help we can get." Matt told about what was happening there
and Sam reacted by saying "I need to be there. We need to go."

"And just about as you were talking about it Sam, you here a voice from the
booth behind you. Talliesin, please describe your character." He described
Yorhan, a human wizard who clearly had seen better days. They acted like how
the characters would interact and I got swept into the story they were telling.

In the mean time I had kept on browsing through the book and found something
that really intrigued me, a race called tieflings. A mix between orcs and
dwarves and I really liked the art that accompanied it. The story had continued
and by the time they were about to set off on their journey I interrupted what
Travis was saying.

"Sorry," I said, "dear sir can I ask you a question?"

Matt was surprised by the voice I had made and so was I but I had to continue
now that I started. "So sorry to bother you, but I'm looking for a person and
I've been searching for quite some time now."

Matt's eyes lit up and said "Okay, who do they see?"

"Well, I'm a blue tiefling, with black horns and freckles on my face. I'm not a
very glamorous girl, just kind of cute. There are all kinds of jewelry on my
horns and my tail has a little bell on it."

Travis turned to me and said "Oh, who are you looking for?"

"There's this wizard. My mother told me all about him, his name is Yorhan. Have
you heard of him?"

Talliesin immediately reacted with "Oh, I'm hiding behind the cart. I do not
want to be seen."

Travis continued "Well, I might have. Why are you looking for him?"

"Well, I'm not quite sure. My mother told me to find him as he could be the one
who could tell me where my father is. I promised her I would find him just
before she died and I really need to talk to him."

Matt clearly loved what I was saying and said "Laura, we need to talk after
this. I have some ideas how we could wave this in. This is great!"

"Do I see Yorhan hiding behind the cart?" I asked.

"Well, roll a d20 and see."

Ashley showed me which die to role and I rolled a twenty. "Natural 20!" Ashley
shouted out, "yes, she sees him alright." Matt laughed and said "She sure does.
What do you do Yorhan?"

"I try to hide a little more," Talliesin said.

"You know I can see you, right?" I said in my characters voice, "I can see your
legs through the wheels."

Talliesin responded with a slight German accent. "Darn it, I really need to
learn that invisibility thing. Okay, okay, you found me. I'm Yorhan and who are
you?"

"I'm Jester, pleased to meet you sir wizard. My mother told me you might know
where my father is."

Talliesin turned to Matt and said in his regular voice "Do I?"

"You might have a slight idea, but for now you have no idea who this girl is."

"I know a lot of people," Talliesin said as Yorhan, "You will have to get more
specific."

"Well, all I know he's blue too, just like me. My mother wouldn't give me his
name as it was just too painful for her. I really need to find him, will you
help me? Please?"

Matt took over and told us how I joined this group of adventurers, he told more
about the landscape and how we met a lonely monk traveling in the same
direction as we did. Marisha joined us as Beauregard Lioness, Beau for short.
She was a monk who had ran away from her monastery and was looking for her
destination in life. All in all the hours flew by and before I knew it we had
played for almost four hours.

At the end we exchanged phone numbers and I was invited to the group chat on
the schools website. "This was great," Matt said, "especially how you butted
in, Laura. So typical for a tiefling, no shame. Just going for whatever they
want. I loved it. We will talk about your background story and how we can fit
it in. I've got some great ideas."

"This was way more fun than I expected it to be," I replied, "thank you all for
inviting me."

"Come on," Travis said, "it's late and I will walk you home." He did as he said
and with a simple "Have a good night, Jester." he walked off. I softly giggled
and went inside.

The next morning it promised to be a beautiful day and I sat down on the
balcony with a fresh cup of coffee, thinking about the game we had played the
night before. I finally understood why and how it was for them to talk about
the previous game. This was more than just a story we told each other, you
really experienced it when you opened yourself to it. I thought back at the
pictures Matt had painted with his words and how real that world had become to
me.

When I checked my phone there were a couple of text messages from Sam, thanking
me for being there and for joining the game. There was one from Marisha too
asking me to call her later today. And the final one was from Matt, he had sent
me a message on the message board. "Let me know what you think about it and we
can make some changes." he wrote.

As I read the backstory he had written I realized how much time and effort he
put in this game, the story he had written was just perfect for my character
and I answered him to change just one thing. "Please, make my father a good
person, he can be a criminal but at least one with a good heart." I wrote him.

It was almost 10 when I called Marisha and she was totally excited about the
game last night. "The way you broke into the story was just perfect," she said,
"Everybody was surprised, even Matt. Totally how it should be, nobody expected
that turn. It was the best."

"Thanks," I said, "I saw that race in the book and I was totally blown away by
it. I just couldn't help myself and totally saw Jester in front of me. I just
couldn't contain myself any longer. I had to be a part of it."

"So good," Marisha said, "it was so good."

We talked for a while longer and after that call I took a shower, got dressed
and just as I was about to go out the door I changed my mind. I walked back
into my bedroom, changed into one of my most sexy outfits. Did my makeup and
hair, checked myself in the mirror and smiled when I saw how my push-up bra
made my breasts look bigger. I grabbed my purse and made my way out the door.

Feeling the warmth of the sun on my skin felt so good and it was nice to wear
those clothes in public again. This time I didn't really care what people
thought of me and it was so liberating to feel that way. I even added a little
more bounce to my walk so my boobs would reflect it.

After walking around for a while I sat down for a latte and made sure I was in
full sight of the people passing by. From the corner of my eye I could see the
man on another table glancing at me and I had to hide my smile. It felt so good
getting that kind of attention and I wanted more of it. I knew if I had bigger
boobs it would only get better.

I passed a restaurant which had a sign they were looking for waitresses and I
thought it couldn't be worse than that department store. So I walked in and
said to the woman behind the bar "I saw the sign you were looking for people?"

"Yes," she replied, "talk to Carina, she's in the back."

I went to the back of the restaurant and a woman was busy cleaning tables. "Oh,
we're not open yet." she said when she saw me.

"Oh no, I saw the sign you where hiring?" I replied.

"Oh yes, yes, please sit down."

We talked for a while and she told me "Well, you work for minimum wage and
tips. We do our best to entertain our guests and our girls show a little more
of them than at other places. But you don't seem to have a problem with that.
But, strictly no touching and no vulgarities. We're still a family orientated
restaurant and we do not condone those things."

"And how often can I work?"

"As often as you want to. Most of my girls are students so I know how it is
sometimes. If you want to work just call and see if you can. But that's next to
the hours we will schedule you in, of course."

"Sure," I replied, "so when can I start?"

"Ah eager to work. I like that. But don't you have to tell your other job
you're quitting?"

"Nah, that's based upon zero hours. I can't depend on that. I will just call
them and tell them I quit."

"That easy?" Carina said.

"For that job? Yes. They're a bunch of slave runners, I just stopped by the
water cooler for a drink after shelving almost 300 bottles of this or that and
immediately one of them stood behind me telling me to start filling something
else. It was warm and I hadn't had something to drink for over two hours."

"Really? Wow, that's harsh."

"Yeah, and then there were the breaks. 10 minutes? No way! Your break started
as soon as you stopped working, the two or three minutes you had to walk to the
break room were part of your break, leaving you with just 4 minutes to eat and
drink something. Bathroom breaks? Nope, go during your 10 minute break they
said. No, I am not sorry to quit that job. Not one bit."

I had no idea why I had changed the way I spoke, but somehow Carina's southern
accent made me talk that way.

"Now," she said after some thought, "you can start here, but please do not use
that fake accent again. Are you a Theater student? I've met some of them and
they all do what you just did."

"Oh, I am so sorry. I don't know where that came from."

"It's okay, it made me like you a little more." Carina said with a smile.

We exchanged information, did the necessary paperwork and right as I was
leaving the restaurant I called my old manger. Quitting that job was one of the
best things I had ever done. "Well," he said, "I'm sorry to see you go. Please
come by for your last cheque and we'll call it quits then." I told him I would
come by later.

Walking in that store dressed the way I was, was one of the best feelings I had
ever felt. Not only had I just quit working there, I was showing all of them
who I really was on the inside. I collected my cheque and stuffed it underneath
my bra. I had never done a thing like that and it felt good. I signed the
papers that I had quit and walked out of there feeling really good about
myself.

For the rest of the day there was nothing that could make me feel bad and I had
one of the best days ever. Around five in the afternoon I called my parents and
told them all about what had happened during the week. The only thing I left
out was what I was wearing and the clothes I had bought. As far as they knew I
still was the same respectable girl they knew.

After dinner I took a short shower, put on my lingerie once more and pulled the
corset as tight as it would go. I sat down at my computer and started searching
for all the information I could find on breast enlargements. I found out that
saline implants were the safest, but silicone would give a more natural look. I
made all kinds of notes in a notebook I had titled "Medical Information". I
filled the first pages with everything from nose jobs to breast enlargement,
from ass adjustments to laser eye surgery.

Every single option that was available I wrote down in that notebook. During
that search I came across an adult site showing women who had gone before me
and I marveled at their breasts, so nice and big. In my eyes these women were
more than beautiful, they were master pieces of plastic surgery. As I was
looking at those women I felt myself getting a little wet and the more I looked
at them the more I knew I wanted to be one of them.

I also realized full well that if I was going to do such a thing I had to come
clean with my parents. I couldn't hide a boob job if I had one, now could I?
That thought really scared me a little and I had to find out what I really
wanted before I took that step. I also knew I wasn't there yet, this all was
just so new to me and I really needed to think this through. That didn't change
the fact that deep inside me I already knew what I wanted.

I stood in front of the mirror imagining myself with a pair of big boobs, a
smaller nose, a bigger ass. I started to see everything I hated about my body,
every little detail that was wrong. Slowly, ever so slowly it started to become
an obsession, I just didn't know it yet.

When I took my corset off almost six hours later was when I started to feel the
pain it had caused me and I laid down on my bed, waiting for it to pass. But I
was proud of myself I had put up with it for that long. When it resided I must
have fallen asleep because I woke up early the next morning. It was still dark
outside and I didn't have to be in school for another four hours or so. I got
up and massaged my back that was still hurting from wearing that corset the day
before.

While I was in the bathroom an idea hit me. I got dressed, did my makeup and
about thirty minutes later I found myself on that parking lot on Lincoln Drive.
I was watching those girls again, but this time I was wearing almost the same
outfit. My heart was racing as I stepped out of the car and took a few steps
towards the street. After taking them I just stood there for a moment, looked
back at my car and took another few steps. Took a deep breath and stepped into
the pavement.

I started walking up and down a few yards just like those other girls did, who
all gave me the stank eye for being there. They clearly noticed I didn't belong
there, but I kept on walking up and down the few yards they allowed me. After a
few minutes I went a little closer to the road and even posed when a car
stopped near me. My heart was beating so loud I was sure the man could hear it.
To my relieve he drove off and I spent some more time there. I was really doing
it, I thought, I was actually there advertising my body for sex. The whole idea
super excited me until one of the girls shouted "Cops!". All the girls
scattered and I rushed to get into my car. I ducked down and saw the patrol
light shining over me.

When it all got dark again, I waited for a few minutes, started the car and
drove off. My heart was still racing when I got home and I knew I had just
about dodged a bullet that morning. As I closed the door behind my I couldn't
stop laughing, mostly from the nerves that had built up inside me. But somehow
I felt proud of myself. I had actually walked amongst the working girls, I had
been one of them and it had felt so good. Maybe I should do it again some day,
I thought, maybe I should take it a step further.

I shook my head, changed into my regular clothes and got ready for my first
real day at school. My life as a student was starting for real this time.
