# Chapter One
Right after graduation I got accepted to my first choice of colleges: Kingston
in Fort Dix. My parents had rather seen me go to a college closer to them, but
they knew I had always dreamed about going to Kingston. It was simple the best
college in the state and I was one of the lucky ones to get accepted.

Because my father really didn't want me to live in the dorms, he found a little
apartment available nearby the school. It wasn't that expensive and I insisted
to pay at least half the rent each month. So we came to the arrangement that
they would pay the landlord and I would pay the half of it back each month.

"Only until I have enough to pay for it on my own," I repeated once more, "I
don't want to be dependent on you all through college." My father said he
understood and the said "You've always been your own person. Even when you
started to walk you didn't want my help. You wanted to do it on your own and it
took you a little longer, but you did it."

That was also the main reason they accepted me going there, they knew there
wasn't anything they could say that would have changed my mind. They also told
me they weren't happy with it, but as my mother said "One way to show your love
for someone is to let them go. Even though it's hard."

On the day we had to leave my father had already packed the truck with
everything I wanted to bring with me. My mother was the last one to get in and
off we went. I looked back at the house and said "Bye house, thank you for
everything you have done for me."

My mother chuckled and said "Like what?"

"Well, she kept me warm during the winter, and cold during the summer. Her roof
gave me shelter when it rained and she gave me some of the best memories of my
life." I replied.

"And what did we do?" my father responded, "Nothing?"

"No," I replied, "You gave me the house to live in and you gave me the best
parents anyone could have. And now it's time for me to start my own life, to
find my own house and make new memories."

It took us almost 13 hours to get there and I marveled at the massive amounts
of apartment buildings I saw and we weren't even near the center of Fort Dix.
From the moment we entered it took us another hour to get to where I was going
to live. My father called the real estate agent where he had rented the
apartment and a few minutes later a woman came rushing to us.

"Davis?" she said as she walked up to us. My father nodded and said "She's the
new occupant." The woman turned to me and said "Oh hi, I am Sandra, pleased to
meat you. So sorry I'm late, did you have to wait long?"

"No," I replied, "and it was nice to stretch my legs after that long drive."

"Well, come on in. I'm sure the super will have a cart or something, come on.
Let me show you the apartment." As we entered Jose, the superintendent, greeted
us and Sandra told me if there was anything that needed repairs I could ask him
for help. "These are the general rules of the shared rooms, down there in the
basement is a launderette and a small storage room, just look for the one with
your apartment number, which is 12c by the way."

We got into the elevator and went up to the 12th floor. Sandra opened the door
to 12c and it was just wonderful. "There are picture railings all along the
ceiling so you can use those for any pictures of paintings you want to hang,
this is a small storage for you coats and stuff, this is the kitchen. It isn't
much but has everything you need. Then this is the bathroom, with bath, shower
and the toilet. This is your bedroom, there's a bed in there but if you want
your own just ask Jose to remove this one and of course this is the living
area. What do you think?"

"It really nice, thank you." I said, "Am I correct and is this view to the
South?"

"Yes it is," she said, "Full on light during every day, Summer or Winter. And
oh I almost forgot the balcony. It isn't much but at least you could sit
outside if you wanted to. Plants are allowed, but just look after them. We do
not accept it when it gets a little _much_ let's say."

We were just about done with the tour when my father knocked on the door
pushing a cart with the help of Jose. "This man is the best," my father said,
"I didn't even have to ask, he came outside with the cart and started helping
me unload. He even knew which apartment to go to." Jose smiled and said "That's
what I'm here for, have a good day people."

"Thank you!" I shouted after him and close the door. Sandra talked to my father
for a while as he was the one who would appear on the lease. After a few
minutes Sandra came up to me and handed me the keys. "Well, that's it for me.
Welcome to the Harbor Apartment Complex. If you have any questions don't
hesitate to call, for anything technical call Jose. Have a good one everybody,
it was so nice to meet all of you."

When she closed the door behind her it took my mother a few minutes to say
"Wow, that's a whirlwind of a woman! Are thy all like that over here?" I
chuckled and started unpacking the first box, marked kitchen. "Mom, what is
this box doing here? I never packed this one and that's clearly not my
handwriting."

"Oh, that's a present honey," my mother said, "All stuff for your kitchen, you
know plates and stuff. Forks, spoons, knifes, everything you need in a kitchen.
I've collected them for over a year now and I'm so happy I finally get to give
them to you."

"Yep, your mother has been hoarding." my father chuckled, "every time we went
for groceries she saw something you needed. I kid you not."

I chuckled and hugged her "Thank you mom, not needed, but thank you."

My mom took over arranging the kitchen and I knew better than to say no. I
could always rearrange it later, I thought. My father and I started unpacking
the stuff for my bedroom, the bathroom and everything else. It took us a few
hours before we were ready and I asked Jose where we could leave the empty
boxes. "Oh, I can take them if you don't mind. The youth center down the road
can always use cardboard boxes like these."

"Please," I said, "take them. Tell them to have fun with them." My father just
grabbed two of them and said "You never know when you need one, just put these
into your basement for whenever you might need them." I laughed and said okay
as I handed the rest of them to Jose.

After a lovely dinner in a small restaurant down the road we were simply too
tired to do anything else. My parents went to the hotel room they had booked
and I spent my very first night at my apartment.

It felt a little weird the first morning there and I had to remind myself of
where I was for a moment, the fact I knew my parents were staying at a hotel
nearby was part of it. It felt like we were on a holiday but were staying at
different venues or something. I stumbled into my new kitchen and made myself a
coffee. I was stretching when the sudden ringing of my phone startled me.

It was my mother "Are you up? Good. Your father had the best idea. Why don't we
go and explore Fort Dix a little, maybe even go see your school? We can go home
tomorrow. What do you think? Could you put up with your parents for one more
day?"

"Sure mom," I laughed, "It think it's a lovely idea. When will you be here?"

"Well," she said as the buzzer sounded, "What about now?"

I burst into laughter and pressed the button that opened the door. A few
minutes later they walked in and my mother was smiling from ear to ear. "It's
the first time I get to visit my daughter in her own little apartment. This is
so exciting!"

"Hi mom," I replied as she hugged me, "Coffee? I've just made some."

"Sure," my dad responded. And without thinking I opened a door, grabbed a few
mugs and poured the coffee.

"Isn't it nice?" my mother asked.

"What is mom?"

"Isn't it nice how I arranged the kitchen. You didn't even have to look, you
just opened a door, grabbed the mugs and made us coffee. Isn't that nice?"

"What? Wait? Yes, it is! You've put them where they are at home! That's
brilliant! Thanks mom!"

Again she smiled from ear to ear "It's always nice to get a compliment, even if
you have to fish for them sometimes." I started laughing and bumped her
shoulder with mine.

We spent a nice day exploring Fort Dix and saw most of the sights all the
tourists came to see. We paid a short visit to my new school and my father
insisted on one more visit somewhere. All he said "you will see it when we get
there" and he had a huge smile on his face.

After a 20 minute ride we stopped at a car dealer and all I said was "No, No,
you're kidding, right? You're pulling my leg." My father pulled me out of the
truck and the three of us walked into the showroom. A salesperson walked up to
us and said "Hi, welcome to Sunnyvale Cars, my name is Clark. How can I help
you?"

"Yes," my father replied, "I'm Davis, we called about the Jetta?"

"Ah," Clark said, "so nice to finally put a face to the voice. We spoke on the
phone, Mr Davis. Yes, the Jetta. Well, she's ready. Let me get the paperwork."

I just stared at my father and said "A Jetta? A freaking Jetta? No, you're
joking! You did not buy me a Jetta!" The Volkswagen Jetta had always been my
favorite car and now they had bought me one? Within a few minutes Clark
returned and said to follow him. And there in the back parking lot she stood,
a nice light gray Volkswagen Jetta. "I believe you're the lucky one," Clark
said to me, "please open it and sit down in it."

I sat down in the car adjusted the seat and my father knelt down next to me. "I
know you don't like charity, but this is a gift from us for your graduation. We
are so proud of you and you deserve this. Besides you will need a car here,
anyways."

Tears were rolling down my cheeks, I was so happy. I hugged him and thanked him
from the bottom of my heart. While they arranged all the paperwork my mother
sat down in the car next to me. "Are you happy?" she asked and I really didn't
need to answer it. "Yes you are," she continued, "your father has been looking
all over for a car like this one. He never wanted to give you anything else, he
was over the moon when he saw this one yesterday. That was the reason we
stayed, he wanted to give you this himself. But don't tell him I told you, you
know how he hates it when things are made more than he feels necessary."

"Yes I know mom," I cried, "and thank you too. This is _the_ best! I love it!"

When everything was done, Clark handed me the papers and said "Well, everything
is fine. You're insured on your parents insurance, your tags are paid for and
this is all the paperwork you need. Keep it somewhere safe. You can make copies
of them and have those with you, but the police might ask you to come to them
and show them the originals. But I do not expect you to get in any trouble, am
I wrong?"

"I will do my best," I said with a little smile, "Thank you for this. I love
it."

"I can see that," Clark replied, "I hope my daughter will be as grateful as you
are one day. Well, it was nice to meet you all. Bye now."

We drove back to the apartment and my mother decided to sit next to me. For the
first time I parked into the spot with the big number 12c on it. When I entered
the building I told Jose about my new car and he congratulated me. "Just make
sure that Sandra knows. Give her the license plate number and she will square
it with the towing company. For now they are closed and I will make sure they
know, okay?"

"Thank you Jose, I will call them tomorrow." And I waited while he called the
towing company. "ah yes, the license plate is 12-JCX-4. Yes, JCX, yes. Yes she
will call the agents tomorrow, they're closed now and I would not like it when
she gets towed tonight. Yes, thank you so much. Yes I will tell her again.
Thank you." He turned to me as he handed me back my papers and said "They
really want you to call the agents tomorrow, the insisted I tell you again."

I smiled and said "I will Jose, I promise. And thank you for everything that
you do." He just smiled and said "It's nice to hear that Miss Davis, thank
you."

"Please, call me Laura. Miss Davis is my mother." I laughed.

"Okay, Laura," he smiled, "thank you."

The next morning my parents came by for a last visit before the started the 13
hour drive back home. It was bittersweet and I watched as them as they drove
off. The moment I couldn't see them anymore felt like a real transition for me,
until that moment I was a daughter who was with her parents, now I was a
daughter who lived hundreds of miles away.

I sat down on my couch and looked around my new apartment, for the first time I
felt a little scared of what was to come. In just a week I would start my new
life at the college of my dreams, until then I was all alone in this massive
city. But I was determined to make it and there were some things I needed to do
before I started school the next week.

One of them was getting a job somewhere. Sure I had a small scholarship and my
parents helped me by paying half the rent, but I still needed to pay for books,
notebooks and everything else. And I needed an internet connection, that was
for sure.

The next day I went job hunting and was lucky enough to get one at the giant
department store in the mall a few blocks from where I lived. They had a huge
sign outside asking for students to apply. When I asked them why they
especially targeted students the manager said "Well, we need flexible people
with flexible hours and students are the most flexible in our experience. You
can schedule your hours every week so we can accommodate your studies and we
get the most hours out of you." It wasn't the best paying job I could get, but
at least it was a start. "You can start next week," he said, "just come in when
you know your hours." I nodded and thanked him.

On my way out I finally got hold of Sandra and told her about my new car. "Oh,
congratulations. Do you know the license plate? What? 12-JXC-4 you said? Okay,
thanks I will inform the company that checks it for us so you don't get towed."

"Yes, I know. Jose called them last night to make sure they would tow me."

"Oh that's nice of him. Not exactly what we like him to do, but it was nice of
him."

"Oh, I didn't want to get him into trouble --"

"No, no, but he should have done something else. But he's got a big heart and I
forgive him." Sandra laughed, "Typical for him to do such a thing. That's why I
like him."

After that call I explored the mall for a little while and marveled at all the
big company stores. All the major names were there and I had never seen so many
stores under one roof. I walked out on the east side of the mall and walked on
to a huge square with lots of trees and benches everywhere. There were lots of
people enjoying the nice weather. I sat down outside a coffee place and ordered
a latte when the waitress finally came around to take my order. I sat there for
about half an hour watching the people passing by.

I walked around for another hour or so just looking around and seeing what else
was there to explore. After that I went back to my car and decided to just
drive around for a bit, just to see what else there was to see in Fort Dix. I
drove around for an hour or two and it started to get a little dark. I parked
the car, set my navigation for home and drove off again, for now I had no clue
to where I was.

According to my navigation I was about an hour away from my apartment and it
was at that moment I realized how big Fort Dix actually was. At one of the
crossroads I was instructed to go left and so I did. My navigation told me it
was called Lincoln Drive and it mostly consisted of warehouses and other
industrial buildings.

To my utter amazement I noticed some girls walking on the pavement, the were
dressed rather sexy and some of them wore very high heels. I wondered what they
were doing there, then it hit me: they were there selling their bodies! I had
heard about them, never seen them in real life though. When I noticed a strip
mall I decided to park there and found a spot a bit in the dark. I sat there
watching them parading up and down the street.

At one moment the girl in front of me walked up to a car that stopped near her,
she bent over and a few seconds later she got into the car and they drove off
somewhere. Not long after that another girl was approached and they also went
somewhere a few minutes later. I just looked at them with an open mouth, I
couldn't believe what I was seeing.

After about 10 minutes I didn't want to overstay my welcome and I drove off
again. All the way back home I couldn't stop thinking about those girls, not in
a bad way, not feeling sorry for them. All I was thinking about was how it
would be being one of them. Would I even dare to get into one of those cars?
How would it be selling your body like that? Those were the questions I had.

I sighed a breath of relieve when I saw something I recognized and new I was
almost home. I ordered some food at a drive-thru and continued the rest of the
way home. When I entered the building I saw someone new sitting in Jose's
office. I walked up to him and said "Hi, I'm Laura, 12c. I'm new here and just
wanted to say hello."

The man looked up from his paper and said "Hi, I'm Oscar, the night guard.
Pleased to meet you, Laura. Can I help you with anything."

"No, I just wanted to introduce myself, thanks. Have a good shift."

"Thanks, have a good night Laura."

Once back in my apartment I sat down, ate my dinner and cleared the table when
I was done. All that time I couldn't stop thinking about those girls and what I
had seen. I know I should have felt sorry for them, I know most of them don't
have a choice, but all I could think about was how it would be to actually do
what they were doing. I tried to think about how I would be if I were one of
them.

I started walking up and down my living room, trying to walk like they did.
Pretended a car stopped next to me and I bent over. "Hey sugar," I said with as
much as a sexy voice as I could muster, "In for some fun?" I acted like the man
responded and said "Oh, that's 50 dollars, if you want more of me that will
cost you 100 dollars. What? No, I only do it with a condom. Okay." and I acted
like I opened a door and sat down on the couch.

"Where are you taking me handsome?" and after a few seconds I leaned over to
the next seat and started to giggle. Then I got up and repeated it once more
and then again. The whole thing started to excite me to a degree I hadn't
expected it would. But I also knew I would never dare to actually step on that
street and do it, no way.

The next day I felt myself drawn back to Lincoln Drive, I needed to see what it
was like during the day now I had seen what happened over there during the
darker hours. I parked at that strip mall once again and during the day it was
just like any other street. Because I was there I got out of the car and
visited some of the shops there. The biggest one was an department store and
they sold about anything. I stopped and looked at some of the clothes they sold
and smiled when I saw exactly what I was looking for, the mini-skirts the girls
had been wearing the night before. I also got myself a crop top and a pair of
heels. It all was so cheap there and I was sure it wasn't the best quality.

When I was done I had a total of six skirts in several colors, a crop top, a
short tank-top and something called an _under boob top_. The last one had the
word _Daddy_ printed on it. With my heart throbbing I stood waiting in line to
pay for my purchases, but the girl didn't wink at all she just told me the
total and I handed her the money. I grabbed a paper bag, put everything in it
and rushed to my car.

Once I was home I couldn't help it I just had to try it all on. I put on the
bright pink skirt and the _under boon top_. I finished my look by wearing the
heels and I paraded around my living room. Again I pretended a car stopped next
to me and I told the imaginary man how much it would cost him to have me for an
hour. He agreed to the price and this time I acted like I actually straddled
him and started to hump one of my pillows. The bouncing of my breasts exposed
them and I started to really ride that pillow.

I felt myself getting wet and aroused. I started humping the pillow harder and
even moaned "oh yes, it feels so good. I'm coming all over that cock of yours.
Oh yes, fuck me." Then I acted like he had done his job, sat down on the next
seat and a few seconds later I stepped out of that imaginary car. Straightened
my clothes and paraded around the living room again. This time I was picked up
and we ended up in the kitchen, there I sat down on the sink, spread my legs
and imagined this man was licking me. "oh yes, yes, lick me, make me come." I
moaned and then I imagined how he would take me and fill me up with his big
black cock. "Oh my Lord," I moaned softly, "You are so big, you're stretching
me out! Oh yes, fuck me hard like the whore I am!"

I started rubbing my clit and I came so hard like I had never done before. This
whole fantasy had aroused me so much and I knew I could never go back to the
girl I was before, or maybe this was who I had always been. Maybe I just didn't
know it. All kinds of thoughts went through my head, but I knew one thing for
sure. I had too much fun fantasizing about it.

The sun woke me up early the next morning and I sat down on my small balcony
with a cup of coffee about ten minutes later. I was still wearing my robe as I
was going to take a shower right after I had my first cup of the day. I sat
there overlooking the city below me, somewhere down there those girls had been
working all night satisfying their customers. As it was still a couple of days
before school started I still had some time on my hands to explore the city a
little more.

An hour later I was ready to take on the day, in stead of my usual attire I
wore a black mini-skirt, a tight crop-top showing the tops of my breasts. I put
on some light makeup as I really wasn't a makeup kind of girl, but I started to
like it a little more as I got older. I finished my looks by wearing those
heels I had bought the other day. As I looked in the mirror I was anxious and
exited at the same time, I had never worn clothes like these let alone in
public. But I had seen other girls wearing these kinds of clothes and nobody
really seemed to care, so why couldn't I.

I stepped in front of my mirror and looked at myself. "If my mother saw me
wearing this," I thought to myself, "she would send me back to my room and make
me change into something more _appropriate_." I started to giggle a little and
checked my every angle. "Oh, I wish my ass was a little bigger" and "My boobs
don't really show in these" were among the thoughts in my head.

It was at that moment I realized I was envious of the girls who had it all, the
bigger boobs, the nicer asses and the longer, beautiful hair. I wanted those
too, not these pesky B-cup size things on my chest. I wanted fuller, bigger
boobs, a rounder ass and especially a nice delicate nose. I always hated that
big thing on my face. It was even worse when I was younger and had to wear
glasses. I had to beg and beg for my parents to allow me to get contacts when I
turned 16, now you couldn't make me wear glasses if it would kill me.

"I should go and see if I can get a pair of those push-up bras," I said to
myself and immediately thought "Wow, I'm starting to talk to myself. I'm
turning into my mother." I turned away from the mirror and made myself another
cup of coffee. I sat down on the balcony once more and just sitting there,
wearing what I was wearing was already exciting to me, let alone the thing I
was about to do. I was going to step outside, into the real world wearing
clothes my parents would have never allowed me to wear.

I must admit stepping out of that elevator was already quite exciting and I
must say I was a little relieved when I didn't see Jose. With my hand shaking a
little I opened the door, took a deep breath and stepped outside. The sun was a
little blinding at first, but it felt nice and warm on the skin that was
exposed. "I need to get some sun screen too," I thought to myself. I adjusted
the purse hanging from my shoulder and I started to walk.

The first view minutes I was sure everybody was looking and I tried my best to
blend in, then I realized it was the way I walked who was making people look. I
started looking forward, my head held up high and soon enough I noticed people
weren't paying attention, people just didn't seem to care. Every step I made
gave me a little more confidence and by the time I reached the mall I simply
didn't care anymore.

Every time I saw a reflection of myself in a window I had to suppress a little
giggle, I almost had forgotten about what I was wearing. And although it might
not have been sexy to some girls, it sure was very sexy to me. I walked into
the mall and checked out different stores, but everything was so expensive
there. For the price of everything I could buy at that store on Lincoln Drive,
I could just about get a dumb t-shirt and even then it had to be on sale.

If I really wanted to change my looks I needed to find cheaper outlets, I
couldn't afford any of the things they were selling. A crop-top like I was
wearing was like 50 dollars, way to expensive for a poor student like me and
the job I had gotten wouldn't change that, that's for sure. I needed to find
something that would pay me more if I ever wanted to be able to afford clothes
like these. I browsed some other stores and was stunned by the prices they
asked for even the most simple shoes.

"Well," I thought to myself, "it's nice to have a mall like this nearby, but
it's of no use to me." I left the mall and walked onto that square once more,
if my memory served my right there was another store just around the corner.
Maybe they were a little cheaper. As I did my best to find that shop again a
girl passed me and I couldn't help but notice how she filled up her shirt, envy
took over and I turned my head away.

After a few minutes my eyes caught the front of the store I was looking for,
_Fashion Pixel_. With large letter they advertised _the latest fashion for
less_ and it was just what I was looking for. At the door I grabbed one of the
shopping baskets and went inside. It was rather crowded but not too much. On
one of the mannequins I saw a shirt and noticed the price for it, ten dollars.
Those were the prices I could afford.

I browser their collection for a while and ended up with three more
mini-skirts, five crop-tops and a couple of blouses. I also got me a nice
semi-translucent robe and then I arrived at the underwear section. For the
first time in my life I looked at thongs, they came in a package of five and I
threw them into my basked. Then my eyes fell on racks and racks of bras. I
found a pack of five push-up bras for only 18 dollars. "Can't be much," I
thought, "but what the heck."

As I slowly made my way through that sea of underwear I noticed a section that
was a little more hidden away. It was filled with lingerie and there were some
women there looking at it without any feeling of shame or embarrassment. My
heart was pounding a little as I stepped into that section and I looked at all
the lacy bras and panties they had there. On one of those racks they sold
complete sets consisting of a translucent bra, thong, garter belt, stockings
and a corset. I grabbed one of them in my size and just for fun I also added a
package of _nipple tassels_.

At the register I was quite apprehensive for what the clerk was going to think
about my purchases, but again she didn't really respond and with a dry "67
dollars" the deal was struck. I handed her the money and walked out of there
feeling that I had accomplished something. In the bag I was carrying I had my
first set of lingerie, it might not have been the most expensive or something
but it felt like gold to me.

Once I got home again I couldn't wait to try on my lingerie. Getting that
corset on was a bit of a struggle but I won in the end. I couldn't wear this
without my heels. As soon as I saw myself in the mirror I started to giggle,
this sure wasn't something my parents would approve off I thought. But it sure
did make me feel more feminine. I undid the bow in my back and tried to tighten
the corset a little more. Then I proceeded to attach the strings to the door
handle and pulled on tight. I pulled it so tight it started to hurt and I did
my best to make a nice bow again, keeping the corset as tight as possible.

It was now so tight I had to change my breathing and loved how it made my
breasts heave every time I took a breath. "Just like those women you see in
westerns," I thought to myself. I wanted to wear this for the rest of the day I
just added the semi-translucent black robe I had gotten too. After another
small check in the mirror I walked out of my bedroom.

I got a soda from the fridge and stood in front of the window looking at the
city below me. At that moment I was happy and sad there wasn't a high building
across the street, I wanted people to see me like this. I stepped onto the
balcony and just stood there for a moment. The risk of being seen was quite
exhilarating. The corset made it impossible for me to sit down, but I sure
liked the feeling it gave me.

The pain of the corset became unbearable after about 15 minutes and I had to
loosen it. I let go a sigh of relieve when the corset gave way, but I had set
my mind to it. I wanted to learn to wear it for longer and I wanted it to be as
tight as it could get. I took of that restrictive piece of clothing and threw
it on the couch, seeing it laying there made me giggle all over again. "This
would never have happened if I stayed home," I thought, "this is so cool and so
much fun. I love it."

For the next two days I fully embraced my new life style at home, I wore that
corset for as long as I could bare it and was pleased when by the third day I
was able to do it for almost three hours. I even learned how to sit down and I
loved how it made me change my whole posture when I wore it. On the third day I
even wore it to the store when I went there to get my groceries. Sure it was
covered by a t-shirt, but I still loved the way it made me feel.

But all of that had come to an end, I needed to be the old me again as today
was the day I had to go to school for the first time and I hardly could wear a
sexy crop-top, could I? It felt a little strange at first wearing my _old_
clothes again and hardly any makeup, but there was no other way.

At the entrance I received a badge and was told to wear it all the time. I sat
down for a photo which would be on my student card and was told to come back in
an hour or two. I got handed a small map of campus and around noon the dean
opened the new school year. For us first-year-students the first week would be
mostly introductions and that's when we would get our schedules.

There were so many people in this school, it was quite overwhelming coming from
a small town, from a small school. The rest of the day mostly consisted of
exploring the extra-curricular activities and the fraternities/sororities did
their best to acquire more members. The school football team was introduced as
well as the latest state champions the _Kingston Warriors_, the school baseball
team. I had never been interested in sports, so I really didn't care that much
about it.

There was just one boy in the football team that intrigued me, he was quite
tall and handsome and didn't really seem to fit in that group of so-called
alpha males. He acted a little different than the others, he was respectful to
the girls that surrounded him and even seemed a little awkward. I kept looking
at him and somehow he noticed me. I turned my gaze away and took a few steps
towards one of the stands with some sort of activity.

"Interested in games?" the boy behind the stand said. I was awakened from my
thoughts and looked up at him. "Games?" I said.

"Yes, Role Playing games. Like Dungeons and Dragons? You have heard of D&D
before, right?" he said.

"No," I replied, "what is D&D?"

"Well," he said, "Imagine a world with wizard, goblins, orcs and all kinds of
magic. A world that is in desperate need of a group of heroes as there is
something brewing in the air. You can be anything you like, an elf, a goblin, a
wizard. You start off low and as the story progresses your powers get bigger
and you can do more and fight whatever fiend you encounter. But, you will have
to work together with the others in your group. It's all about telling a story,
basically. We have a great dungeon master, Matt, he's not here right now. He
has told the most fantastic stories. Last campaign --"

"Why don't you tell her about how you almost got us all killed," a voice behind
me interrupted him.

I looked over my shoulder and there he was, that guy from the football team.
"Hi," he said, "I'm Travis and this is Sam, he almost got the whole party
killed last campaign. If it hadn't been for Ashley saving us all with her
divine magic it would have been a TPK."

"TPK?" I repeated.

"Total Party Kill," Travis replied, "Sam did something stupid, but whats new
about that. Bards --"

Sam began to laugh and said "Hey that _hideous laughter_ spell might have
worked, if I hadn't rolled a natural one."

I couldn't help but giggle and Travis said "I never caught your name."

"That's because I didn't give it," I replied and turned away from them.

"This Saturday, at 7 pm we will start a new campaign," Sam shouted after me,
"come to room 14 in the Main Hall, if you're interested."

I giggled again and looked at some more stands, there wasn't really anything
that piqued my interest and I was wondering what to do next. I sat down in the
main cafeteria with a sandwich and a carton of milk, just looking around at all
the people there. The sudden appearance of someone sitting down across from me
woke me up once more. It was Sam and he said "Mind if I join you?"

"No, please do." I replied as I was happy I had someone to talk to.

"I'm Sam, as you know, what's your name?"

I giggled and said "Laura, Laura is my name."

"Wow," he replied almost shouting, "I'm gonna hold this over Travis' head like
no tomorrow. I know something he doesn't. This is going to be so much fun."

"Why did you sit down with me?" I asked him.

"Not beating around the bushes," he replied, "I like that. Well, I saw you
sitting here alone and I thought she might need a friend. And well, that could
be me."

"Did I look that pathetic?" I replied with a little smile.

"No," he said, "a little lonely, maybe. But pathetic, no way!"

I liked him and his openness, he didn't seem to care what other people thought
of him and his friendliness was almost overwhelming. "So," he said, "what are
you in here for?" as if he was talking about a prison. "Let me guess! Maths?
No? Physics? No? I give up."

"Tourism and Hospitality Management," I replied.

"THM? Wow, that's a good choice. I chose English and Theater, I want to be a
voice actor one day. You know like cartoons and stuff."

"A voice actor? Is that a real job?"

"Oh yes," he replied, "Ever cartoon needs a voice, doesn't it? But there's also
voice over for documentaries, even games need voices. Those are all done my
actors, mostly. Come to thing of it, you have a beautiful voice. You should try
it some day, I think you might like it."

"Me? An actress? No way, I am way to shy for that."

"That's the beauty of voice acting, it's just your voice. You're not on camera
or something. Not that you wouldn't smash it being in front of a camera, but
still."

"Thank you, but I don't think it's for me. I want to open my own travel agency
and see the world."

"You could do that with voice acting too. A friend of mine just got cast for a
new cartoon. He's in Japan now recording. He will be back in a few weeks, he
got special permission from the dean to do this. Liam is one of the best I
know."

"Liam?"

"Yes, he's also in our D&D group. Our party is, or was, called the SHITS. Don't
ask, it was my idea." He laughed as if he told a very funny joke.

I looked at my watch and said "It's time for me to get my student card. It was
nice talking to you Sam."

"Same here, and remember this Saturday at seven. Room 14."

I waved my hand as I walked away and a few minutes later I stood in line at
Administration to get my card. It came with a bunch of fliers telling me what
all the advantages of the card were. There were all kinds of discounts at
restaurants, shops and things like that. "Don't lose it," the woman said to me,
"A new one will cost you 30 dollars."

For the rest of the day I joined some other activities, but nothing really took
my fancy. During one of those I was paired with another girl, her long red hair
and confident look captured my attention. We got the task to find 16 items
hidden all around campus and the girl said "Oh, great a scavenger hunt." her
voice seemed to indicate she was particularly happy with it. Then she turned to
me and said "Let's get this over with."

As we walked across campus I said "I'm Laura, if you're interested. I think it
makes it a little easier if we know each others name."

"Marisha," she replied, "and I hate these compulsory things." She wore a
sleeveless shirt that had the words _I hate sleeves_ on it and it made me
giggle a little.

"What?" she said, "Did I say something funny?"

"No, I just noticed your shirt. It's funny."

"Yep, but true though. I really hate sleeves."

After we found the third spot we were chatting about all kinds of things. She
might have seemed distant and angry, but she really wasn't. As a matter of fact
she was quite the opposite and I liked her. "Let's get a coffee," I said as we
passed the coffee stand in the middle of the central square.

"Sure, so what are you here for?" Marisha asked.

"THM," I replied copying what Sam had told me earlier.

"THM? What's that?"

"Tourism and Hospitality Management. And you?"

"Arts and Multimedia, I want to be a photographer. Maybe even a news
photographer. I don't know."

"Nice. Do you have anything you could show me?"

"Not here right now, just on my phone. But that camera isn't really that good,
it has not a really nice depth to it. My camera is way better."

She showed me some of the photos she had taken along the day and they were just
beautiful. The framing of the was just right and she somehow got the essence of
whatever was going on at the time. "Ah, that one is not sharp and this one is
focused wrong."

As soon as she started to talk about photography I could see a twinkle in her
eyes and it was nice to see it. At then end of the hunt we had become some sort
of friends, it was bigger than acquaintances but not quite friends yet. "Hey,"
Marisha said as I was about to go somewhere else, "want to join me? I'm going
to hang out with some people I met earlier." Why not, I thought and turned
around to join her.

To my surprise I saw Sam sitting on a bench and we were heading straight for
them. "These are the people I was talking about," Marisha said, "they play a
game called Dungeons and Dragons, do you know it?" And right at that moment Sam
shouted "Hey mysterious girl! Come over here and tell Travis that I know
something he doesn't. Tell him that."

"Yeah," I said to Marisha, "I met them earlier and Sam joined me for lunch,
uninvited but he did it anyway." Marisha chuckled and said "Those are the
people I love." I giggled and walked up to Sam.

"So what do you thing you know about me?" I said to him.

"Well, I know your name."

"Do you? Really? I could have made it up." I replied.

"Ah," Travis responded, "You don't know anything! She had you fooled!"

"Oh, but I didn't say he was wrong now, did I?" I said to Travis. His face
changed immediately and Sam shouted out "Hah, see? I told you."

I started to giggle and reached out my hand to Travis. "Hi, I'm Laura. I've
tortured you for long enough." Travis smiled and said "Hi, Travis, but you knew
that already. Let me introduce you to the rest of us. This is Ashley, 
Talliesin and Sam you already met. That guy over there, with the long hair,
that's the bane of our existence. That's Matt, our dungeon master. He loves to
torture us. And then there is Liam, but he's in Japan now."

Matt stood up and said "Hi, pleased to meet you both."

"Well, this is Marisha and we just met during the scavenger hunt." I replied.

"Please, join us," Matt said and handed us a can of soda.

We talked for a while and it was nice to get to know some new people and this
group seemed particularly nice. I felt comfortable being around them. But I
still wondered why a guy like Travis was doing with a group of nerds like
these.

"Travis? Can I ask you a question?" I dared to ask after a while.

"Sure," he replied, "as long as I want to answer I will give it to you."

"Why is a football jock like you hanging around people like these?"

Sam responded with "That's a good question. Why are you with us Travis?"

"Because I'm a nerd who likes to play football? I love comics, I adore D&D and
I like to play football too. And to be honest, these are some of the nicest
people I know and I hate those neat little boxes people tend to put each other
in. I think people are more than just one thing and you should be who you
really are. Gay, lesbian, trans, nothing matters just as long as you are a nice
person who takes care of other people. As long as you are one of those I will
be your friend."

"That's a very good answer," Sam replied, "it even made me cry a little."

Travis punched Sam on the arm and continued "But it's the truth though. And
these people have taught me that. Before I came here I didn't want anything to
do with dorks like these. I hid my affection for comics, because well as you
said, I was a jock and jocks do not like those things. But then, one evening I
stumbled upon them playing D&D and I sat down near them, got lost in the story
they were telling. Next thing I know I joined them and we played for almost six
hours that day. I knew I was hooked."

Matt completed his story "Yes, there all of a sudden was this huge guy asking
us if he could join us, as we had just started our new campaign I fitted him
into the story. A half orc, sitting next to his broken cart, lost his family
and barely survived. Ashley over there played a cleric who helped him get
better and they became the best of friends, an half orc and a dwarf. The most
unlikely pair, but somehow it fitted the story."

Ashley continued "Yes, it was one of the best moments of the campaign, meeting
Grog, the half orc barbarian. An intelligence of four, but a really good heart.
It all led to some very funny moments when Grog tried to explain whatever was
happening and then there was 'bidet'."

The all started to laugh and Sam explained, "Grog misunderstood 'good day' and
started to say 'bidet' as a greeting." Travis just raised his shoulders and
said "What do expect with an intelligence of four?"

It was like they were sharing something that really happened to them, in real
life I mean instead of a story they had told each other. It was so disarming to
see how they all completed each others story and how they remembered everything
that had happened during that game. I had to admit I was intrigued by this
group of people and really thought about joining them the next Saturday.

It was around six when I got home and just as I was about to start dinner my
phone rang. "Hi, it's Marisha," the voice said. "Oh hi," I replied.

"I'm bored, want to join me to get a bite to eat?"

"Well, I was about to make dinner. Why don't you come over?" and I gave her my
address. Twenty minutes later Marisha sat down at the small bar dividing the
kitchen from the living area.

"This is a nice apartment," she said, "I wish I had one like this. I don't
really like the dorms."

"Yeah, I like it too. My father found it and I was lucky enough to get it. I
couldn't afford it though it they didn't help me with the rent."

"Ah, rich parents."

"Oh no," I replied with a laugh, "not by a long shot. My father owns the local
hardware store and my mother is a nurse. Your typical middle class working
people."

"Still better than mine. My mother is a teacher and my father is a drunk
some where out there. I haven't seen him since I was six. I had to earn a
scholarship to come here. I get to stay at the dorms for free though, that's
one advantage of it."

"Well, you're always welcome here," I said as I handed her her plate.

She took a first bite and said "Wow, this is really good. What is it?"

"Paella, my mom taught me how to make it. She's from Spain, my parents met when
my father was traveling through Europe. They had a long distance relationship
for a while and then he just got on a plane and asked her to marry hi I
haven't seen him since I was six. I had to earn a scholarship to come here. I
get to stay at the dorms for free though, that's one advantage of it."

"Well, you're always welcome here," I said as I handed her her plate.

She took a first bite and said "Wow, this is really good. What is it?"

"Paella, my mom taught me how to make it. She's from Spain, my parents met when
my father was traveling through Europe. They had a long distance relationship
for a while and then he just got on a plane and asked her to marry him. To his
total surprise she said yes. Ten months later I was born."

"Any brothers or sisters?"

"No, my mom got really sick one time and they had to take it all out. Uterus,
ovaries, the lot. But she's all better now and way more healthy than my dad."

"I'm sorry to hear that."

"Don't be. My mother isn't. There wasn't a choice, really. It was either the
surgery or death. Such a choice seems to make it rather easy. She had a two
year old she wanted to see grow up and she simply never looked back."

"Wow, I wonder if I could have been that strong."

"Yeah, I love her so much. She's made it here even though she hardly spoke
English at all."

"So you speak Spanish as well."

"Not a word. My mother refused to teach me Spanish. 'You speak English, that's
the way they speak here.' she always said. Nowadays you can hear just a slight
Spanish accent and whenever she meets a Spanish speaking person they
automatically talk to her in Spanish, it's so funny to see that happen."

"Well, it explains that beautiful black hair of yours," Marisha replied.

After dinner we talked for a while longer and the both of us knew it was the
beginning of a friendship. After she left I watched some TV and went to bed
early cause the next day introduction week would officially start.
