# Changes
*an erotic tale by Transgirl*

## Chapter One
The world seemed brighter, the sun warmer, they sky more blue. It felt like I
was set free after being kept captive for so long. I can't really explain how I
felt any other way. We had gotten married right after graduating college. We
had been dating for two years and it just felt right. Little did I know how
lonely I would become even though I was married.

Being on top of his class he got offered the job of his dreams, working for a
space agency as an engineer. It was all he had ever talked about and I was more
than happy to go with him. We would have the best live, I thought. Maybe even
kids, I was just over the moon. Moving so far away from family and friends
wasn't something I was looking forward to, but we could always fly home. Or at
least that's what he told me.

Within the first year he got promoted and that's when it all went downhill for
us. He started working long hours, there was always something he had to do,
always a new launch he had to prepare for. Even though we could comfortably
live of his wages alone I wanted to fee useful again.

"Why?" was what he said when I suggested to go back to work, "We don't need the
money. Just go to the spa, shopping or whatever it is you girls do for fun."

The women in the block of houses where we lived where all a little older than I
was and I simply did not have any connection with them. Ever so slow I felt
more and more isolated. During the day the dry dessert heat was too much for me
and living in the suburbs meant there wasn't anybody outside any way. My whole
world was limited to the house we lived in. The only time I came outside was to
get the groceries and even that I didn't like as it simply was too warm.

When I tried to talk to him about it he always waved it away. "Just go to the
spa or something. Here's my credit card, go have some fun."

Ever so slowly I started to recent living there. On top of it all he started
working longer hours, even during the weekends he was supposed to be with me.
Always there was an excuse for him not to come home. I felt like a maid not his
wife anymore. Everything else was more important to him than I was.

It all came to an irruption when I wanted to go to my parents 40th anniversary,
they had organized a big party during that weekend and I had been looking
forward to it for so long. I was ready to go, had packed our suitcases and
waited for him to come home to pick me up. I waited and waited, called him an
hour before we had to go. No answer. I called him multiple times, even talked
to his assistant. "No he's not available right now," she said, "can you call
back later?"

"No," I shouted, "I'm his wife! For gods sake. I want to talk to my husband
right now!"

"You're his wife? I didn't even know he was married."

"What?!"

"Yes, he's been dating one of the girls here. I think they are at an office
party right now."

"A party?! He was supposed to pick me up so we could go and visit my parents.
They've been married for 40 years and he's at a party with some chick?"

"Well, she's the CEO."

"I don't believe this."

"Sorry, but I have to go now. They're announcing something important. Sorry"

I just stared at my phone, she had just hung up on me. I called my husband
again, this time he did pick up. "Laura, I can't talk right now." he said and
hung up.

I just was dumbfounded. Sat there not knowing what to do. We had already missed
the flight, there was no use trying to catch it anymore. So I just sat there,
waiting.

It was getting dark when I saw two headlights shining through the window. With
a smile on his face he walked in and switched on the lights. I hadn't moved all
this time. "What's wrong?" he said, "Why are you sitting in the dark?"

"Did you forget something?" I whispered.

"What? I didn't hear you."

"Did you forget something?" I said a little louder.

"Not that I know. Why are the suitcases here?"

"Where were we supposed to be right now?"

"I don't -- Oh God. I am so sorry. I forgot all about it. I thought it was next
week. Was it this weekend? Oh no, I am so sorry. I totally forgot."

"Why did you think I called you?" tears rolled down my cheeks. I had passed
being angry hours ago. All was left was total emptiness. As I looked up I
didn't feel a spark anymore, just disdain. "I cannot forgive you for this. You
bent me too far. Now you've broken me."

"Now Laura, don't over dramatize this. We will catch a flight early in the
morning. We can be there around 3 in the afternoon and spend some time with
them. We can fly back the next day, because I need to work Sunday."

"Oh thank you so much for allowing me to spend a few ours with my parents. ON
THEIR 40TH ANNIVERSARY! So gracious of you. You know how I was looking forward
to this and you simply forgot? What else did you forget? That you were
married?" I went in for the kill now.

"What?"

"Yes, I talked to your assistant. Why did she tell me she didn't know you were
married? Huh? Yes, she told me about the office party too. You told me you had
to work on something for the new launch. Instead you were at a party knowing
full well I was waiting for you to come pick me up. And who's Susan? Did you
really think I wouldn't find out?"

"Come on Laura --"

"No" I said resolute, "It's over. Done. You will hear from my lawyers. I left
everything for you, so you could follow your dream. I left my family, friends
and a nice job. I sacrificed everything just to see you happy. And what did I
get in return? You treating this house like a hotel, treating me as if I was
your maid and now I learn that you've been dating the CEO? Not wearing your
ring all day long. Does she even know you're married?"

He just looked at his shoes and I think it was the calm way I said all of it,
not raising my voice while still making clear how angry I was. I was cold,
hard, conniving. I wanted to see him cry, I wanted to hurt him. But I kept it
all inside, attacking him would give him an advantage I didn't want him to
have.

"I'll be in a hotel tonight," I said, "Don't dare to call me, to follow me or
whatever it is you boys do. I've had it. I can't do this anymore." I got up,
got my purse and my suitcase. Just before I walked out the door I turned around
and said "Oh, I talked to Susan about half an hour ago. She said to tell you
not to come in tomorrow or ever again. Clearly she didn't know I was your wife
and she didn't like hearing about it. Funny how that works."

Half a year later we signed the divorce papers. My lawyers had found out he had
more girls on the side. He had lost me, his job and most of the money he had
made over the years we were married. The judge awarded me most of our assets,
even the house. All he was left with were his clothes, his stupid Corvette and
a small amount of money.

I moved back home much to the joy of my parents. I hadn't missed their
anniversary and despite all that was going on we still had a wonderful weekend.
The settlement had made it possible for me to get a nice apartment, near the
beach. I had missed seeing the ocean, feeling the salty air on my skin. Just
being able to sit outside on my balcony felt like a liberation to me. No more
dry desert heat, no more graveyard suburbs around me but live and people
enjoying themselves.

I felt like I was living again, freed from prison I had put myself in. I
started working in a small shop just around the corner and just started
enjoying life again. Sure working in that shop was way below my pay grade, but
I didn't care. It gave me the time to find myself again and to see what it was
that I wanted to do, who I wanted to become.

It was during one of the weekends I was exploring what surrounded Fort Dix when
I came across a nice small town, called Oxford. It was one of those old miner
towns and they had managed to keep that look and feel throughout the ages. It
was like going back in time and I loved being there. Not to live there, I
needed the hustle of the big city. It was just nice to slow down for a while
and weeks later I spent a weekend there.

Just around the corner was a small coffee shop, as soon as I sat down the
matron walked up and said "Hi there. I'm Chloe, what can I get you?" Despite
being a general greeting it felt warm and inviting. The same was true for all
the other stores and places I visited. They all greeted me with the same warmth
and were so welcoming as if they all knew me and were happy to see me.

I returned many times after that and got to know some of the proprietors,
especially the owner of the coffee shop. Chloe and I just got along real well
and it was always so nice the be there for a while. "Ah, Laura. So nice to see
you again. The same as always? I will bring it shortly. Sit down, sit down. I
am so glad you're here."

During one of my visits Chloe told me about *The Rose*, a bar just outside of
town. "It's the oldest bar in the state. Started by Rose Maplewood when she
came over. It was unheard of back in the day, a woman didn't come over here all
alone. But she did. Because she couldn't find a job she started a bar. It was
hard at first, but then the railroads came and hers was the first thing people
saw when they came. Well, she entertained some *ladies of the night*, if you
know what I mean. To make a long story short, when she passed away someone took
over, renamed it in her honor and transformed it into a more reputable
establishment. Nowadays it's a club for adults. I've never been there, but if
the stories I heard are true --" She shook her hand as if she had burned
herself.

"And now it's closing down?"

"Yes, they can't find a new owner. Rosa is getting there, her husband passed
away two years ago. If no one is interested it might close within the next year
or two. So sad, it would mean we lose a landmark. Some big developers are
waiting like hawks, they want to build some sort of park there. I don't really
know. But it would be so sad if that building is tore down."

About an hour later I found myself driving that way. If it was such a landmark
I wanted to see it for myself. It was as beautiful as Chloe had described. It
was an old colonial house, with lots of land surrounding it. On the gate was a
simple sign with a rose depicted on it. In beautiful old-style letters it read
*The Rose*. Underneath a simple sign stating *Adult club. Open from 9PM till
6AM, open all hours during the weekends.*

My curiosity was peaked and I decided to go see for myself what was happening
inside. Back in the hotel I checked their website and read about what they were
offering. "We are not a brother nor a sex club. We are a club for adults who
want to enjoy some more freedom than other places can offer. Rooms are
available."

I couldn't even try to imagine what would be going on in there. What I got from
the site was what they weren't, but what they were wasn't really clear. I had a
quick dinner, took a quick shower and dressed up as nice as I could with the
clothes I had brought with me. My heard was racing and I was very anxious as I
made my way over to The Rose. On the way over I resisted the urges to just turn
around, but my curiosity got the better of me and I sat there in the parking
lot for some time deciding whether to get out of the car.

"Don't be such a wuss," I said to myself, "Go in and have some excitement for
once in your life." With my hands shaking I pressed the doorbell and resisted
running back to my car. The door opened and a woman in her late 60s stood in
the doorway. "Hello, welcome, welcome. Come in." Hesitantly I did what she
said and stepped inside.

I entered a small hallway and waited for her to close the door. "Hello, I'm
Rosa. Welcome to The Rose. I don't recognize you, so first time here?" I nodded
and she smiled "Ah yes, please follow me." We stepped into a small office to
the right of the entrance with a simple *Staff Only* sign on the door. She
gestured for me to sit down and she took her place on the other side of the
desk in the middle of the room.

"Welcome again, what is your name sweetheart?"

"Laura, Laura Davis."

"Just Laura is enough. In the Rose we don't care about last names or who you
are on the outside. In here everyone is equal. We don't care if you are a CEO
or work in a factory. We treat everybody the same, as human beings. We are all
here to forget our sorrows and to escape the world outside for a while. That's
what we offer at The Rose, an escape."

"That's so nice. I heard about this place at the coffee shop."

"Ah yes, all good I hope?"

"Yes, I just had to come and see it for myself."

"Well, welcome. Let me start by saying this. We are not a sex club or anything
like that. We have rooms available but those are mostly used by people who come
from far and don't want to drive home at the end of the night. They are cheap
and for members even free. What you do in those rooms is all up to you, but we
don't condone any of it downstairs, if you get my drift."

"I think I do," I replied.

"Well, that being said. We do allow a little more than other establishments.
You can show a little more of yourself if you want to, but if you want to do
more then you will have to retreat upstairs. We do allow a good show, so to
say. But the main objective is just to relax. To meet people and just to enjoy
each others company. You will see it if you are prepared to sign our waver."

"A waver?"

"Yes, just to guarantee discretion. To never use anything you see in here
outside in the real world. One of the reasons we never use our last names in
here, or if you want to not even your real first name either."

"Well, I am a lawyer or at least I went to law school so I would like to read
it before I sign it."

"That understandable. I will leave you to it then. Back in ten minutes? Would
that be enough time? Can I get you anything?"

"A tea would be nice," I replied, "I still have to drive back to the hotel."

"Oh, why not stay the night. We still have a room available. I can offer it for
free so you don't have to pay for two rooms."

I smiled and said "In that case a white wine would be nice."

Rosa smiled and said "It works all the time. Wonder why?"

I chuckled and knew that I liked her already. She didn't push, made me feel
like it was all my decision. But I thought one wine won't hurt me, I can still
drive back to the hotel when I want to. I started to read the document and
couldn't find anything wrong with it, it was a general waver so that I wouldn't
disclose any information about who I met in here or what they had done. Not
even when I recognized them out in the open.

When Rosa returned with my wine I signed the waver and she showed me around.
There were several rooms with different styles. There was the library, the
front room and the conservatory. There were just a few people there. "This is
is the ball room." Rosa said as she opened the door for me. It was a huge
space, to the left was a large bar with some patrons sitting at it. Next to it
were some tables and chairs, all beautifully laid out. To the right was a big
dance floor with a podium on the far end. To the left of it was a booth where a
DJ was playing records. On the floor a few people were dancing.

"It's still early," Rosa said, "More people will come. The real party starts at
midnight." I looked around and my eyes fell on the raised plateaus with a pole
in the center of them. I couldn't think of anything they were there for. With
my wine in my hand we walked to the bar and Rosa said "Well, you saw the stairs
to the front. You have room 12 for whenever you need it. There's no key, just
lock it when your inside. People respect the *closed* sign it will show. If you
do not want to be disturbed, we will respect that. For the rest all I can say
is have fun! Mingle, talk to people!"

I smiled as she walked away to greet more people who came in. I noticed she
greeted them all with their names and I was simply amazed to see her do that.
She didn't even have to think, she just pulled their names out of a hat it
looked like.

I sat down at the bar, sipping from my wine. The DJ played some golden oldies
from the 80s and more people started to dance. As more people came in the floor
got more and more crowded. A woman who sat next to me reached out her hand and
said "Hi, I'm Mindy and you are?"

"Laura, Laura --" I remembered not to say my last name but it was almost
automatic for me to say it.

"Nice to meet you Laura, first time here?"

"Yes, is it that obvious."

"To me yes. But I'm almost furniture. My husband and I come here to relax. Busy
jobs, so once a month we come here for the weekend. Just having the rooms
upstairs is so convenient. We love to go hiking in the mountains, or going to
the beach in Fort Dix. But in the evenings we are here, having some fun."

"Nice, I don't really know why I came. I heard about this place today and I was
just curious, I guess."

"That's how we all started, honey. Believe me this won't be the last time. I
don't really know what it is, the freedom I guess. You can do whatever you
want, there are rules but they are a bit looser than anywhere else. It's just
perfect. Look, that's my husband on the dance floor. He loves to dance, I on
the other hand not so much. Not until I've had some alcohol." She laughed and
said "It's so nice to see him having fun."

"But aren't you jealous? I mean he's holding her in his arms."

"Oh god no, The more fun he has here the more fun I will have later this
night." She winked at me and laughed. She turned her had to me and said "One
weekend he had so much fun I could hardly walk out of here." I just had to
laugh, it was more the way in which she said it. We talked for some more and
she introduced me to some other people and the longer I was there the more
relaxed I got. Midnight came faster than I had expected and the DJ turned up
the volume a little.

I walked around and decided to take a look in the other rooms. There were
people sitting there, talking and smiling when they saw me walk in. "Just
looking around," I explained myself. It wasn't long before I returned to the
ball room. As I entered I saw two women on those platforms and suddenly I
realized what they were for. The women danced sensually and spun around the
poles. They hung upside down, spinning round as they lowered themselves. The
people on the dance floor cheered them on.

"And now for the real challenge," the DJ spoke, "Only one can win. Whoever
takes off their dress the sexiest will win. Mandy will start. Give her another
cheer, ladies and gentlemen." As the volume rose a little Mandy started to
dance, move up and down, spinning around the pole. Slowly she removed the
straps from her shoulders, taking of her dress as sensually as she could. When
she held it up high, she just stood their in her underwear. Not it was time for
the other one.

She repeated the process, but her moves were more elegant and when she dropped
her dress she revealed a very nice set of lingerie. She turned around, moved
her hand to her back and slowly unclasped her bra. She turned around once more
holding the bra in place with her arms. Just she was about to drop it too, she
turned her back to us once more. Holding her bra up in the air with just two
fingers, before she dropped it to. When she turned to us she covered her
breasts with her arms and right on the beat she raised her arms up high,
exposing her breasts to the audience. A loud cheer sounded and she had clearly
won this challenge. "Audrey everybody. Give her a cheer! She's won the right to
drink and eat on the house today. Don't forget Mandy, she did a great job."

The crowd cheered once more and both women got down from the platforms and both
put their clothes back on. Audrey was laughing and her face turned a little
red. I finally understood what Rosa had meant with allowing a little more.

When the DJ played a song I liked I did something I normally wouldn't do, I
stepped onto the dance floor. I don't know if it were the wines I had consumed
or whatever it was, I was having fun and I didn't really car what the other
people thought about it. By the time I was done dancing I was so glad I had
accepted that room, I had more than one wine and driving back to the hotel was
a big no in my book. I sat down at the bar once more when a man walked up to me
asking me to dance with him. "Why not?" I said and I was back on the floor.

The music changed to dance music and I started to loose myself on the dance
floor. The man placed his arms on my waist and pulled me in closer to him. We
danced for a while like that and I cheered and smiled at him. After another
wine I heard a song I liked and before I knew it I was on top of one of those
raised platforms, dancing to the music. Other women to on the other ones and we
just had fun. "Take me tonight," the female voice sang along the beats of the
music. I moved my hips, went down spreading my legs as I lowered myself only to
close them just in time. People started watching me and closed my eyes. I
turned my back to them and bend over forward, moving my hand along my legs up
to my thighs. My hands went to my back and slowly I pulled down the zipper.
Ever so sensually I took off my dress and kept on dancing in my underwear until
the song was over.

Then I realized what I was doing, jumped of and with a very red head I put my
dress back on. Hearing them say how much they had enjoyed my little show made
me smile and feel good about myself. But I had done enough and stumbled
upstairs, to get some sleep. As I passed the other rooms I could hear the moans
inside them. And when I had closed the door behind me, taken off my dress I
fell on the bed. I could clearly hear the creaking of the bed in the room next
to me, the moans of the woman made me horny and before I knew it I was rubbing
my clit. Hearing her moan so loud helped me step over another boundary and I
moaned too. Sliding my fingers deep inside my now fully wet pussy. "Oh yes," I
heard her say and I recognized the voice. It was Mindy, the woman I had talked
to when I just came in here.

"Oh yes, Roger. Watch me, how I am fucking this black man. Oh yes, he goes so
deep Roger. Oh yes, yes. Put it back in. Wait. Take off the condom, take it
off. I want you to come inside me, give me that cum. I want him to fill me up,
Roger. He's going to make me pregnant, oh yes, yes. Come deep inside me."

Hearing her say those words sent me over the edge and I had the biggest orgasm
I had ever felt. I groaned so loud I heard Mindy say "Even the girl next door
likes it. Oh yes, fuck me with that big black dick. Fuck me hard and deep. Oh
my God, I'm coming --" Mindy screamed loudly. Then it was quiet for a while
before I heard a knock on the wall.

"I don't know who you are, but our door is open if you would like to join us.
If not, then sleep well."

The next morning, or to be real it was just a few hours later, I got up. Put on
my dress again. Said goodbye to Rosa and told her I would be back again soon.
It was time for me to return to reality.

## Chapter Two
Even though I wanted to I didn't return to The Rose for months. A combination
of being tired from work and the distance made me decide against going most of
the time. To compensate I frequented a bar near the beach. And although I still
had fun there it just wasn't the same.

So I threw myself on something I had loved to do from a very young age, my
father had taught me to love photography. I had bought a new camera, a digital
one, as my old one still depended on actual film. I had played with it for some
time to get to know it a bit better before I actually went out there to take
pictures.

I also taught myself how to adjust them with Photoshop, how I could adjust the
levels, make the colors more vibrant and things like that. I started out with
photographing buildings, details from buildings and other things my eyes
caught.

One Sunday morning I woke up very early and I wondered what I could do that
day. On a whim I packed a backpack with a few bottles of water and some food,
grabbed my camera and drove to the nature reserve to the north of Fort Dix. The
parking lot was still empty when I arrived and I checked the board for all the
trails I could follow. I decided to walk the middle one as it not only was a
distance I could walk, it also promised some great view along the way. One of
which was *City View*, the highest point in the park with a view over Fort Dix
in the distance.

I started walking and all went well, in no time I felt like I was the only
human on the planet. All I heard was the wind and the birds chirping. I was
just so magical. Soon enough it got a little hotter as the sun rose. I was glad
I had brought my water with me.

Following the path indicated by little red arrows I kept on going. Taking some
nice photos of flowers, the landscape and even a few birds. At the highest
point I took a photo of Fort Dix in the distance. To continue the trail I
descended from the hill when I tripped over a rock, hurting my ankle. I was in
the middle of nowhere and according to my phone I didn't have any coverage.

There was nothing I could but get up and try to get back on my own. Why did I
choose to walk this trail? I was so far away from any help and it was almost
impossible for me to walk. I tried to find something I could use as sort of a
crutch, but there was nothing I could find that could aid me.

After stumbling for hours the pain in my foot became almost unbearable, but I
didn't have a choice. On top of it all my water was almost gone as struggling
like this made me thirsty. At a crossroads between trails I tried to decide
whether to stay on mine or continue on the blue on. I couldn't remember which
on was longer and I had no clue where I was. I sat down in the shadow, my foot
was throbbing by this time.

"Do you need help?" A voice sounded behind me. Hearing that voice startled me,
I was so sure I was all alone in this part of the park. A man came walking up
to me, broad shoulders, short beard, deep voice. "I saw you limping up the
trail, sorry I couldn't reach you earlier. I was quite far away."

"How did you see me?" I asked him.

"By accident? I was watching birds through my telescope. I lost you a few
times, then you appeared again. You still had quite the speed, I must say."

"Thank you," I replied, "I stumbled on a rock or something going down from that
hill where you can see the city. I think my ankle is broken."

"I don't think it is. If it were you wouldn't be able to walk at all. Do you
have water?"

"A little bit, half a bottle maybe."

"That will have to be enough. Can you take my back pack?"

"Why?"

"How else am I going to carry you?"

"I can walk if you support me."

"Nope, that ankle needs rest. No don't take off your show or anything. It helps
keep the swelling down. Please, take my bag. It isn't heavy and I wall carry
you on my back."

He walked for almost twenty minutes before we sat down again, he needed a short
rest. "If we are going to do this all the way back, at least let me know your
name." I said through the pain.

"Travis, I wish we could have met under better circumstances."

"Tell me about it. I'm Laura and thank you for helping me."

"I wish I could say my pleasure, but you're getting rather heavy. Come on, not
long to go now. Maybe another 20 or 30 minutes. There is a rangers hut not far
from here. At least we can find some fresh water and maybe some painkillers.
With any luck a ranger will be there."

Travis was on his last legs when we finally saw that hut he was talking about.
To both our amazement we also saw a car nearby. On his last breath we reached
the hut and I called out for help. Travis was sweating profoundly and I just
couldn't walk the last 100 yards or so.

A ranger came outside and I yelled again. He rushed towards us, handing a
bottle of water to Travis. He carried me inside, then went back to get Travis,
who was near a sunstroke. The ranger handed him ice packs to cool down and then
he attended to my ankle. "At least it's not broken," he said, "But we need to
get you both some medical attention. Here drink this, it has a lot of minerals
in it and will do you good. How are you feeling now, Sir?"

Travis said he was feeling better now he was cooling down. We got into the
rangers car and he drove us to the main post where a nurse could see to us.
"How am I going to get home? I can't drive like this. What will happen to my
car?" I had all kinds of questions.

"Don't worry about that miss. If you give us the keys and tell us which car it
is, we can park it on our lot until someone can pick it up for you. That way it
will be safe. It's better if a doctor takes a look at your ankle, just to be
sure. Dave? Can you bring them both to the hospital? This man doesn't look that
good, either. I just want to be sure everything is okay."

Two hours later a doctor had taken a look at my ankle, it wasn't broken after
all. The put bandages around it to keep the swelling down and instructed me to
sit still with my leg elevated for at least the next three days. While I was
waiting to be released Travis walked in, accompanied by a friend of his.

"Hi," he said, "Just wanted to check if you were okay."

"I'm fine. Bed rest for the next couple of days and I need to elevate my leg at
all time. Nice way to get a little time off, isn't it?" Travis chuckled. "How
are you? You're looking better."

"Yeah, just overheated. Everything is fine now. Hey, I had a thought. If you
five me your address, we could get another friend to help us. One of them can
drive my car, while I drive your and bring it back to you. When that's done I
can get into my own car and drive home. What do you think?"

"I think it's a very elaborate scheme to get me give you my address." I
chuckled.

"I hadn't thought of it like that, but maybe you're right. But seriously, do
you have another way to get your car back?"

"Not really, my parents live almost two hours from here. And my mother doesn't
know how to drive. So thank you, it's 245 NW Waterloo Street, apartment 24."

"Waterloo street? Nice neighborhood."

"You know it?"

"I should, I live just about three block from there."

"Well, if you wait a moment I can come with you. I should be released any time
now."

Liam, his friend, introduced himself and seemed like a very nice guy. We
started talking and I noticed the two of them couldn't have been different.
Where Travis was more the jock, Liam was more the geek. "Oh, that's a funny
story," Liam said, "I played a game called Dungeons and Dragons once when I was
in high school and I always wanted to do it again. So one day I ran into Matt
and I knew he had run games before so I asked him if he was willing to do one
for my birthday. I invited some friends and Matt invited two of his, one of
them was Travis."

"Dungeons and Dragons, what's that?" I asked him.

"Oh it's a role playing game. It's so much fun. Any way, what was supposed to
be one game, turned into multiple and now we're actually playing a full
campaign. Every Thursday."

"Wow. The games boys play sometimes."

"Oh,it's not just boys," Travis replied, "at least I don't think Marisha and
Ashley are boys. Do we actually know, Liam?"

"I don't know that we do, Travis. Maybe we should ask them?"

Travis lowered his voice and said "Or we could hold them under water for five
minutes. If they drown then they were women, if not then they were witches
after all."

"No Grog, that's a horrible idea. Let's just ask them." Liam said in a
different voice, "Keyleth is a druid and I don't think men can become druids."

"Who is fluid?" Travis acted out, "Should we get a bottle or something?"

"Never mind Grog, never mind."

Travis turned to me and said in his normal voice "My character is a barbarian,
his name is Grog and he has an intelligence of 4."

"I don't know what that means," I replied.

"Well, he can't read or write. Having an intelligence of 10 is normal for a D&D
character."

"Ah, now I get it." I chuckled, the doctor came in, greeted us all and said I
was free to go. I sat down in the wheel chair he had brought and we left the
hospital after I had received my crutches. Liam brought the car around and we
got in. We collected my and Travis' car and made our way back to Fort Dix.

Just before Travis got out I handed him a piece of paper with my phone number.
"Call me sometime," I said as I stumbled inside. I watched Travis get into his
own car and drive off. A neighbor who was on their way out helped me get to my
apartment and I was so happy that I finally got to sit down on my own couch.
After getting another drink, I switched on the TV and elevated my foot as
instructed.

I was in the middle of a movie when my phone rang. *Unknown number* it read on
my screen. "Hello?"

"Yes hi, it's me Travis. You told me to call you sometime. Well, is it sometime
already? I don't really know." I chuckled and we talked for over an hour on the
phone. He was so easy to talk to and just the fact that he called me to me was
a positive thing.

The next day I called work to tell them what had happened and that I still
couldn't walk. They weren't happy about it, but I just couldn't go to work.
They asked me to send them a note from my doctor and I took a picture from the
hospital papers I had received. In there he had clearly stated that I shouldn't
walk for at least the next three days.

When I on the fourth day still couldn't stand for a long period at a time, they
fired me. I was blown away by it and somewhat relieved too. I hadn't really
liked working there at all and had been thinking about leaving for a while. So
I took it as a blessing in disguise.

It was not that I couldn't survive for a while. On the advise of my father I
had invested the money from the settlement wisely and I had made quite the sum
of money buying and selling on the stock market. Not that I was a serious
trader, it was a nice hobby and if you did it with caution you could make some
money doing it. And I did have some luck when I bought stock in a small company
who about half a year later made a big announcement. Stocks soared and I sold
them when I thought was the best time to do so. They became more expensive
after I had sold them, but you can't have everything. I still more than doubled
my money that way.

I was in the middle of making myself a simple dinner when there was a knock on
my door. Which was strange because if you didn't live in the building I had to
buzz open the door. I stumbled towards the door, looked through the spying
glass and was amazed to see Travis standing at my door.

As I opened the door I saw he wasn't alone. "What are you doing here?"

"Well, I thought you might like some company and as it is Thursday I suggested
to check whether we could play here. That way you can see what it is we do and
you get some company too. If you don't want to, it's okay. We will just go back
to my place."

"Wow, you're all here already. So -- come in. Please leave the couch for me. I
need to elevate my foot."

"This is Liam, you already met him. This is Taliesin, Sam, Matt and, we did
check it, these are our girls Marisha and Ashley. Thank you for letting us in,
it would have been embarrassing for me if you had turned us down." I chuckled
and tried to be a good host by asking if they wanted anything.

"I was preparing something to eat for myself, but I couldn't do the groceries."

"That's okay," Taliesin said, "We brought our own. And we can always order some
pizza."

"And if you tell me where everything is, I can be the host for tonight,"
Marisha said, "You just sit and keep that foot up."

Matt prepared himself for the game they were about to play and started by
recapping where they had left off. "Because we have an audience I will make it
a little longer than normal. Let's start by introducing your characters."

One after the other they told me who they were in game and how they looked.
Matt kicked it off by telling them what had happened last time. "So, shitheads
what to you want to do?"

They planned how they would fight a white dragon and discussed what they needed
to get for the fight. Pike, played by Ashley, said "We need some health
potions. Does anybody know where to get them?" After rolling rather high Matt
told her about a shop on the outskirts of the village where they were. He told
them how it looked like and about the sign by the door "Dahlia's potions".

"You knock on the door and a beautiful half-elf woman opens the door. She has
long white hair and for an elf she looked rather old. Something you hardly ever
see in elves or half-elves."

Without thinking I said in a sensual voice "Can I help you?"

With utter surprise and excitement Ashley turned to me and said "Yes, I'm Pike
and I'm a cleric. I heard you sold potions?"

"Who told you about me?" I answered.

"Oh the tavern keep, we have rooms in the Leaky Tap."

"The Leaky Tap you say? Well, in that case. Come in. I will see what I can do.
What are you looking for? Hair lotions, beard lotions, maybe some lotions to
help you grow."

"Oh, I'm fully grown. For gnomes I'm on the larger side."

"Ah, gnomes. Maybe you should be looking somewhere else."

"Why? I've got gold."

"Gold? Do you really, little girl? And how many gold would that be?"

"Depends on how expensive health potions are."

"Health potions?" I looked at Matt who's eyes were twinkling to see me jump in
like this. "Heath potions are 20 gold and higher. You only have four basic
ones, though."

"Ah, here they are. I've only got the basic versions left. They would be 20
gold each. I have five -- oops, that was dumb of me. I dropped one. Well, I
have four left."

Ashley chuckled and said "How much are they?"

"60 gold a vile."

"60 gold? For basic potions? I will give you 80 for all four of them."

"Deal." Ashley acted like she gave me the money and adjusted her papers.

Matt took over and said "You now have 4 basic potions."

"Thank you so much. I will be back soon if I need more." Pike said.

"I will see if I will let you in next time." and I switched to my normal voice
and said "As soon as she leaves I say to myself 'I would have accepted 10, but
this works every time.' and I start laughing."

"Okay, we have a scam half-elf now."

Ashley interrupted and said "I turn around and walk back in." She changed her
voice to Pikes and said "Look lady, I don't know who you think I am. But I
wasn't born yesterday. I know these potions aren't worth 60 gold, maybe not
even 20. But I need them as we are going to fight the white dragon tomorrow. So
you might not think much of me as a gnome, but at least I'm trying to safe this
town. Good day." Ashley as herself continued with "And I walk away."

The rest cheered and Travis shouted "Wow, an NPC got Pike angry. I never
thought I would see this. This is great!" Even Ashley laughed and said "Yep, it
was bound to happen sometime." I started laughing too and finally got the
attraction off this game. I listened to the rest of the adventure as they
prepared for the battle that was ahead.

Only the arrival of the pizzas and some bathroom breaks disrupted the game, but
it was so much fun. "You awake early that morning. The morning of the battle.
You all are strangely quiet and focused. You all gather your things and prepare
for what is to come. As if guided by a silent voice you all stand up and walk
outside. The sky is slowly being lit by the rising sun. You make your way to
the north of the city, up the mountain where the white dragon roams. Grog is
the first one to see it's layer."

"Quiet," Travis said as Grog, "I think were here."

"And with that we end tonight's session."

"Aw," the one said. "I want to keep playing," another shouted.

"No, it's eleven o'clock and we've intruded Laura's place for long enough.
Let's clean up and go home. Thank you so much Laura for doing this and allowing
us to come here. And thank you so much for playing along. It was the best."

Marisha and Liam started cleaning everything. They even packed the dish washer.
In the end my living room was cleaner that it was before they came. "Please
stay seated," Sam said, "We can show ourselves out."

"Do you need groceries? I am going to the store tomorrow and I can bring you
some?" Marisha offered, "It's no trouble at all."

"Thank you, but I wouldn't want to trouble you with that."

After they had left I thought I had one of the best evenings in a long time.
And they all were so nice to me. When Travis texted me saying "Thank you for
rescuing me. It was so much fun. Want to do it again?" I texted him back "Yes,
can't wait till Thursday."

The next day I could almost walk normally, the swelling had subsided. My ankle
didn't hurt anymore, it was just stiff. I called my doctor to ask what I was
supposed to do now and he advised me to try and walk as normal as possible, but
to still be cautious about it. I sat outside on my balcony for most of the day
until I thought about getting some groceries.

At that time the doorbell sounded. I looked down over the balcony and saw
Marisha standing there with a bag full of groceries in her arm. I opened the
door for her and a few minutes later she walked in. "I didn't quite know what
to get, so I just got all of it. Fruit, salads, juices, tea, coffee, potatoes,
carrots and some cereal. Wow that stuff got heavy. How are you doing? I see
you're walking again. That's a good sign, isn't it?"

"Yes, and you shouldn't have."

"Ah, no problem. See it as a thank you for last night. This is basically what
they would have eaten if we had played over at my place. So it's no problem."

"How much do I own you?"

"Nothing, it's a gift. You do not like charity very much, do you?"

"Not really. Not if it's coming my way. I can afford it all. It's better if
charity goes to people who actually need it."

"Well than this isn't charity. This is a friend helping out a friend."

I chuckled. Friend she said, I didn't have many friends. The only people I knew
were through work, well if I had work that is. "Thank you" I said softly.

"Now was that so hard?" Marisha chuckled, "Two words and she thinks the world
is ending. Jeez."

Marisha stayed for a while and we just chatted. I learned where she was
working, how she got involved in the game and more to the point how she and
Matt had become a couple. "Yeah, I would never have thought he would be
interested in me. But he was and we've been dating for almost 8 months now."

"That's wonderful. And what about Travis?"

"Travis? Really? I thought I saw you glimpsing at him. Are you interested in
him? Well are you?"

"Maybe. He did safe my life."

"That he did. Liam told me all about it. Well, he is interested in someone. He
might even make a move one of these days. He told me all about her and I really
think he likes her very much. There is just one problem."

"And that is?"

"He doesn't know how she will respond."

"How will he know if he doesn't ask?"

"That's what I said. He might look like a jock and he might love football, but
he's got a big heart and is a real softy. I'm sure Ashley will like him a lot."

"Ashley? Really?"

"No, I'm kidding. It's you of course. Ever since he rescued you he can't stop
talking about you."

"Really?"

"Yep, but you didn't hear it from me. Just give him a chance, I know he will
surprise you."

"I might do that. I don't know what it is about him, but I know I liked him
ever since he walked up to me in the park. He was so kind and thoughtful."

"Yep, that's Travis for you. He cares more for others than himself."

Two weeks later Travis called to ask me out on a date. We had a great night
which ended with a very romantic stroll on the beach. We really got to know
each other better and I liked him even more after that. He walked me home and
didn't even expect a kiss, he just wished me a good night and walked away.

From that moment on I knew I had fallen for him. And every time I saw him I
felt butterflies. It wasn't until our third date that we kissed for the first
time. When I invited him in for a night cap he said "Thank you. I am flattered.
But I do think we should take this slow. See where it goes. I've rushed into
relationships before and they all ended up badly. I feel this could be
something special and I really want to take our time. Are you okay with that?"

"Yes, more than okay. If that's what you want than I am okay with it." He
thanked me, kissed me again and walked away. I knew I wanted more, but I
respected his feelings and admired him for expressing them to me. No man had
done that before and I loved him for doing it.

In the mean time I had had another lucky roll of the dice on the stock market.
Some stock I had bought for 3 dollars each had risen to over 150 dollars.
Overnight I had earned over 250,000 dollars. A 5000 dollar investment had made
me enough to last me a few months more. I took a big chance day trading and
invested a lot of money in it. The next day I couldn't believe what I saw. My
stock had more than doubled. I had made my first million dollars.

When I told my father he didn't believe me at first, then he was over the moon.
He congratulated me and together we invested some more. Spreading the risk. We
lost a lot at first, but he told me to hold on. He was sure it would change. By
the end of the week he had been right. When we sold our stocks we both more
than tripled our money. We started working more and more together. I started
following the economic news a little more.

We invested one more time after that. In a start-up we both believed in. They
were going public soon and we were lucky enough to get our hands on some stock.
Within the first day of trading we more than double our investment and started
selling. We held on to some of the stock and a week later we sold those too.

My bank account now had 7 digits and I knew I didn't have to work another day
in my life. We slowed down our investments so I could just life of the interest
my money generated. I had been so lucky doing it and didn't want to take any
more risks with it. I was more than happy living comfortably, I didn't need any
more than I already had. I had seen what greed could do to you and I wasn't
prepared to go down that road.

## Chapter Three
With the money I had earned I had bought two properties and was in the middle
of converting them into rentals. I had gotten the necessary permissions and was
about to inspect the progress on one of them. They both were in rather nice
locations in a neighborhood that was being renovated. I had been just in time
to buy them at a rather low price which skyrocketed not long after.

The renovations were on schedule and this property was almost ready for the
first tenants. I had some minor critiques and the contracted would make sure
they were done. A rental agency would take care of renting the apartments out
for a mere 10% of all the rent collected. This meant I would have gotten my
investment back after just one year. After that everything was profit for me,
the rental agency would also take care of all the necessary maintenance. All I
had to do was pay the bills whenever they sent them to me.

As I was driving to the other location my phone rang. It was Travis, we hadn't
seen each other for a few weeks and I was sure it just wasn't meant to be. For
the first few times I attended the game, until one day I just didn't want to
go. This caused a little tension between Travis and I, so much that I wasn't
sure I wanted to continue this path.

"Hey," he said and I could hear he was serious, "We need to talk."

"Yeah, I don't think this is working." I replied.

"No, you might be right. I wanted to say this in person, but you beat me to
it."

"Sorry, but I'm on my way to my other project and I am rather busy."

"I understand. Well, it has been nice."

"Yes it was. I wish you all the best."

"Me too, bye" I could hear his emotions through those three words. I could feel
he had a hard time with it. But I really thought this was for the best. I shook
my head as I arrived at the other location and inspected the work they had
done. This one was still in the early stages and it was rather crucial to keep
on top of it. But everything was more than okay and I was happy with the
progress they had made.

When I got home I felt so bad. I really didn't know what to do with myself. On
a whim I packed a bag, my camera and drove for quite some time. I had no clue
what I wanted to do. "I will just get a room somewhere if it gets dark" I told
myself.

I stopped a few times to take pictures or just to take a minute. I had dinner
at a roadside diner and suddenly I recognized the surroundings. Not long after
I stopped across the road from The Rose. Subconsciously I had found my way back
there. I took a deep breath and turned into the driveway, parked my car and
rang the doorbell. Rosa opened the door, smiled and to my utter amazement she
said "Laura! So nice to see you again?"

"You still have a room?" I asked her.

"Yes, yes, it's not that busy during the week though. How long will you stay?"

"I don't really know. I needed to escape, I guess. A bit of a hard time,
romantically."

"Ah so sorry to hear that. Come on in, come on in. Room 8 is ready for you. You
can go up if you want to. The bar isn't open yet, not for a few hours. But you
can always roam the property, maybe even feed the horses."

"Thank you," I replied and I walked up the stairs. All the doors were open,
telling me I was the only one there. I walked into room 8 and it was a very
nice room, with a king size bed smack bang in the middle of the room. I threw
my bag on the bed and fell on the other side. The bed was soft and I wondered
why the hell I was even there. But it felt good that I was.

I took a quick shower, followed by a stroll around the property. I looked at
the horses, even petted some of them. "They are very friendly," Rosa said
suddenly. I didn't even hear her coming. "Do ride horses?" she continued.

I shook my head. "Always wanted to learn though. Never got around to it."

"Well, never too late to learn."

I walked on a little more and just took in the silence of it all. It was just
so beautiful everywhere. When I returned to the house the bar had opened and I
was one of the very few who were there. Rosa turned on some music on a low
volume and it was just nice to talk to people. It didn't get that busy that
night and that was perfectly okay with me.

The next day was a Friday and according to Rosa they had a special night
planned. "Glamour night is always special. People like to dress up for it and
they all always look so beautiful. But don't feel the need to dress up
yourself, it isn't mandatory. Just appreciated." She showed me some photos from
other Glamour nights and it was just so beautiful. Women in very nice dresses,
men in their best suits.

I got into my car and drove to the nearest town. I found the perfect gown for
me and also stocked up on makeup. As a special gift to myself I also got a very
nice lingerie set and a pair of stockings with a stripe in the back. I had some
dinner in a very nice restaurant and returned to the Rose around 8 in the
evening. I showered, washed and brushed my hair. Did my makeup and got ready
for the special occasion. I checked myself in the mirror and by the time I went
downstairs it was almost 10. Rosa complemented me on my looks and I posed for a
picture.

When I stepped into the ball room there were quite a few people there and some
even remembered who I was. I got a lot of compliments on my outfit and it all
just felt so good to be back there. I had a lot of fun just talking to people.
When the DJ starting playing I even danced with a few of the men who were
there.

I had such a good time and before I knew it I got up on one of the raised
platforms again. I spun around the pole, moved my hips and slid my hands along
my body, stopping short of my breasts. The DJ changed the music to something
real strippers would dance on and I just continued. Ever so slow I pulled down
the zipper of my dress. With one finger I slid the straps off my shoulders,
holding up the bodice with my arms. I turned my back to the audience who now
all were watching me. I felt excited, hot and somehow horny.

I exaggerated moving my hips from side to side as I pulled the dress over my
hips. With just two fingers of each hand I held it up as I stood up again. Just
before I turned back to the audience I let it go and stepped out of my dress,
showing the lingerie I was wearing. I placed my left arm over my breasts, with
the right I went to the back and snapped it loose. I made a no sign with my
right finger and turned around again. In one swoop I pulled my bra away,
covering my breasts with my left arm. I held my bra up high and moved my body
to the music. On the beat I dropped my bra and turned around for the big
finale. My arms up high, my full triple-D breasts exposed to the audience.

I would never have believed you if you told me I would do that one day. But
there I was, in front of almost 90 people with my breasts exposed to them. They
all started to whistle and cheer. With my head turning red, I got down from the
podium and put my dress back on. One of the women helped me zip up again and
handed me my bra. I had totally forgotten to put it back on. "Thank you" I said
softly.

"That was so good," she replied, "So good. Ever done that before?"

"No, and I never thought I would."

"You should make an act out of it. Do it on the stage one day. You could even
show a little more then. If it's an act Rosa wouldn't mind, as long as it's
part of the act."

"Oh, I don't know. I don't even know why I did this."

A few hours and a couple of wines later I was dancing with some guy, I don't
know what came over me but we started to kiss. Thirty minutes later we went
upstairs to my room and we ended up in bed. When I felt him slide inside me
made me question why I hadn't done this sooner. I placed my arms around him and
I moaned loudly as he pounded me. "Oh yes, yes, fuck me!" I panted, "Fuck me
hard." I spread my legs as wide as I could, I wanted him to go as deep as he
could. I had multiple orgasms while his hard lid slid in and out of me.

I felt him twitch and throb just before he pulled out and exploded all over my
body. Feeling his cum hit my sensitive skin send all kinds of sensations
through my body. Around ten minutes later he got up, dressed and thanked me
with a kiss. He left my room and I turned around, not believing that I had just
done this. I felt good and guilty at the same time, I had never been the one to
have one-nights-stands like this.

The next morning I still couldn't believe what I had done, I took a shower to
clean myself up and to wash his fluids from my body. I felt dirty and satisfied
at the same time, it was all just so confusing. Why did I ever take him back
to my room? I didn't have an answer. After getting dressed I went downstairs
and only the front rooms where open with a few people sitting in them. A simple
bar was set up with a pot of coffee and a few cups. I poured myself one and sat
down in one of the chairs.

The woman who was sitting in the room too started talking. "Good morning, you
had a good night last night. Room 8 right?"

I started to blush and she said "Don't worry about it. It's why we all are here
for. And he told me how much he enjoyed it, so thank you for entertaining him
last night."

"You know him?"

"Well, I've been married to him for almost 12 years now, so yes."

I was shocked and wanted to apologize, but she beat me to it. "Don't feel
sorry, it's what we do. I had some fun too." She leaned forward and whispered,
"I was with my very first black man last night, it was simply the best. I never
understood why they called it being soul fucked, but now I understand. I
understand all too well."

I blushed, we never talked about sex so openly. I still remember when it was
time for my mother to tell be about the birds and the bees. The whole lessons
lasted for almost three minutes, after which we never talked about it again.
All I knew about sex was what we learned in class and I only slept with men I
dated. This had been my very first one-night-stand, ever.

"Are you sure you're okay with it? I really don't understand what happened last
night. I'm not like that at all."

"Yes, more than okay. And you just listened to your body last night, us women
have needs too. If I can give you some advise it would be this. It's just sex,
nothing more nothing less. I make love to my husband, the rest is just
scratching an itch. And after that nice man had scratched my itch, he got lucky
again last night."

I started to chuckle and did feel a little better. We talked for some time
more, about scratching your itches mainly. It felt so nice to talk to her, it
was like she gave me the talk my mother should have given me. "Just make sure
you're doing it safe, be on birth-control, use condoms. If not against getting
pregnant, protect yourself against STDs. You never know what they have, right?"

I nodded and said "We did, or at least I think we did. I don't really remember
it, it was all a haze and it happened so quickly."

"Well, he said he did and I trust him," she said, "And please stop beating
yourself up like this. We all are here for it, we all know what happens
upstairs. That's one of the main things why we even come here, so it's all
okay."

"Thank you," I replied, "It's more that I can't believe I actually did a thing
like that. I'm not like that, not at all."

"You said that, but are you? Alcohol loosen restraints and can show us who you
really are or feel. Think about it and stop beating yourself up. It's all okay
and don't feel ashamed either."

"I will try, thank you. I needed this."

"You're welcome. Just go out for a walk or something. Clear your head and have
a good day."

I spend the rest of the day just walking about. I had my camera with me, the
words she had said kept ringing in my ears. I just couldn't reconcile my mental
feelings with my body, I had reacted instinctively, responded to the needs of
my body, something I was able to resist up until now. "Sex is between two
people who love each other very much," my mother had said during her talk. And
those words were like law to me, I just didn't sleep with just anyone.

When I returned to the house, I went to my room and locked the door behind me.
I took a shower, put on a nice dress as the sun was shining. Got myself another
cup of coffee and just sat down in the library to think about everything. As I
was looking out the window a saw some people walk towards the stables. They
were laughing and closed the bar doors behind them.

Rosa saw me sitting there and sat down next to me. "Hi, how are you doing? It
looks like you are struggling with something."

"Yeah, I just don't know how to feel. Something happened last night and
although I don't feel guilty anymore I still don't know how I feel about it."

"Did you enjoy it?"

"Yes, or at least I think I did."

"Did he enjoy it?"

"He must have, he told his wife he did. And that's the problem, I didn't
realize he was married."

"Did she say anything?"

"Yes, that she didn't care. She even thanked me."

"So what's the problem? You enjoyed it, he enjoyed it and she didn't mind. I
don't see a problem there."

Her words hit the right spot. Suddenly I realized that Rosa was right, there
wasn't a problem, so why did I make it so hard on myself? I did have a good
time last night and I was single, so what is the problem. That he was married?
His wife said she didn't mind, she even thanked me. So why was this so hard on
me? I turned to Rosa and said "Thank you so much. I really thought talking to
his wife had been enough. But you made me see the other side and you are right,
there isn't a problem. Thank you so much, I think I needed this. Somehow I feel
like this was meant to happen. When I started driving yesterday I had no plans
on coming here, but I did anyway, almost subconsciously. Like my body was
telling me something."

"Sometimes we just have to listen to what our bodies are telling us. It's basic
biology. Now, are you staying for another night? I think you might need it, I
don't think it's wise if you go home. You might never come back again. Just
stay another night and see what happens."

"I will think about it. I don't know at the moment."

"Well, we're having a BBQ tonight and you're welcome to join us. We'll be in
the back." Rosa got up and left. After another cup of coffee I went outside
again, it was such a beautiful day. As I strolled over the property I found
myself near the stables again, the horses were whinnying and I peaked through
one of the windows.

I clasped my mouth with my hand and couldn't believe what I was seeing. The
women who I had seen earlier all were naked, kissing each other as one of them
was actually licking and sucking the horses cock. I knew this was wrong but I
just couldn't stop watching. One of the women stood up an rubbed the giant cock
against her pussy, she bent over and one of them pushed the big dig in her
pussy. Through the glass I could hear the woman moan. I watched them until the
horse started to come, all that sperm splattered all over the women and they
all giggled, smearing the white stuff all over their bodies.

One of them looked over to where I was standing and I quickly hid, not knowing
whether she had seen me. In total unbelief I rushed away. I had heard about
people wanting to have sex with animals, but I never thought it was true. The
moment all that sperm splattered over their bodies kept popping up and I
wondered how it would feel. I wondered how it would taste. "I can't think this
way," I told myself, "This is so wrong."

Later that evening I attended the BBQ, when I saw one of those women a shock
went through me. She walked up to me and whispered "Did you like what you saw?"
All kinds of responses went through my head, but there was nothing else to do
but tell the truth.

"I don't know. Isn't it, like, illegal?"

"So? Driving fast is illegal, people still do it."

"Yes, but this is different, isn't it?"

"It doesn't hurt the horse, he seems to like it. And feeling all that white
gold touch your skin --" One of the other women joined us saying "Ah, our
peeping Theresa. How are you?"

"I don't really know. I am so confused. First I did something I never thought I
would, then I did another thing I normally wouldn't do and then I saw you in
that barn. What is happening to me? This place makes me do things I never
thought I would, it's all so wrong yet it feels so right."

"That's The Rose for you. Don't worry, we all have been there. The first time I
came here I felt the same way. But it's all just fun, it's not that we're
hurting anyone. Everything is between consenting adults, even the horses. If
they didn't like it they would kick us, bite us. So it's all okay."

"Yeah, I guess. But I wasn't raised this way, everybody keeps telling me that
and it helps for a short while, but then I always get back to that same place.
The voices telling me it's wrong are constantly winning."

"I'm so sorry to hear that, I truly am. Just believe me you will get over it,
allow yourself to process it all. Make up your own mind, forget about all you
were told in the past or present. Don't just follow what we say. If you do that
than you will get some real problems. Do whatever feels is right to you. If
that's going home and never come back, that's okay. If that's staying and see
where this all goes, even better. We all like to have you here. You're fun and
have an open mind. You could just as well have stormed into that barn and
scolded us, but you didn't. That is telling me something. I guess what I am
saying is, make your own rules. Don't listen to any of us, that's the only way
you can get through this. If you're okay with it, who cares what other people
think."

I had a lot to think about, went up to my room, packed my bag and just as I was
ready to leave I sat down on the bed. I wanted to leave and stay at the same
time, I needed to go but wanted to stay. "Just one more night," I said to
myself, "I can go home tomorrow, it will be late if I go home now. And then,
what will I do then. Sit in my apartment all alone on a Saturday night? At
least they have wine here and there's company. Come on Laura, get over it
already. It's like they all said, just some fun." I laid down on the bed,
still not knowing what to do.

With a shock I opened my eyes. I had fallen asleep and I could hear the muffled
thumping of the music downstairs. I checked my phone and saw it was almost
midnight already. I turned over, closed my eyes and tried to fall asleep again.
There was nothing else for me to do, I wasn't going to drive home in the middle
of the night. I rolled from one side to the other and back again. I felt
restless, hearing the music and laughter downstairs made me feel like that
little girl again who was sent to bed while the adults were still having a
party.

I got up, showered and put on my yoga pants and a t-shirt. If I was going
downstairs I wasn't going to repeat what happened the night before. I was just
going to get a wine, sit at the bar and talk to people. No dancing, no kissing
and especially no bringing boys up to my room. I looked at myself in the mirror
as I was doing my make up. "You heard me! No funny business."

Three hours later I was on the dance floor in the arms of some guy, we were
slow dancing and his leg was in between mine. Without thinking pressed my lower
body firmly against his leg, I popped my hips up and down, pressing my crutch
against his leg. I didn't resist when he pushed up my shirt, exposing my
breasts to all who could see me once again.

I took off my shirt and danced with him topless. Some other women followed my
example, some ever went further and stripped totally naked. At that moment I
wished I hadn't worn these pants, looked around and giggled when I saw one
woman get down on her knees, her head pressed against his crutch. Rosa tried to
stop what was happening, but it was too late. Several women started to suck
their partners cocks, even at the bar people started to have sex.

It didn't take long for me to be naked too and I sat down next to a couple who
were having sex. I spread my legs too and looked at this man over me. With my
left hand I guided him inside me, no condom. I didn't want one. He fucked me
hard and hearing all the groans around me excited me even more. "Oh yes, yes,
fuck me" I panted. I leaned over and kissed the boobs of the girl next to me.
She felt so soft. As this man was pounding my wet slit, that girl and I kissed. 

"Oh yes, fuck him," she panted, "fuck my boyfriend. He loves it so much.
Doesn't he feel good?" I nodded and panted. Suddenly he pulled out and shoved
his cock up her cunt. Another guy walked up to me and pushed his hard lid
inside me. I came instantly. Seeing all this sex happening around me, excited
me so much. I wanted to see more. I pushed the guy away, got up and walked
around a little. By this time there was sex everywhere. Even Rosa was licking
some girls pussy. I went over to the bar, knelt down and took some random guys
dick in my mouth. Then I leaned against the bar and let him fuck me. I went
from man to man that way and ended up straddling some dude who was sitting on a
couch in the library.

He was sucking by boobs as I was riding him. Suddenly I felt hands on my hips,
looked over my shoulder and saw some guy standing behind me. He pushed his cock
against my little ass and somehow I relaxed. I was being double penetrated and
I loved it so much. It was the best feeling I had ever had. "Oh yes, fuck me,"
I shouted, "cum inside my pussy and my ass. I want you both to fill me up with
all that cum. Yes, yes, YES! Oh my God, does this feel good."

I came multiple times before the both exploded inside me, sending their seed up
my ass and pussy.
