# Magnolias
*an erotic tale by Transgirl*

## Chapter One
The music was turned up high and the beats were thumping, I could feel them in
my belly, making me ever more anxious than I already was. Why did I ever agree
to do this? Yes, I wanted some more excitement in our lives, but this felt like
going too far to soon. I just didn't feel ready and sat there at the bar rather
uncomfortable. I didn't belong in a place like this and what if I ran into
someone that I knew? What was I going to tell them? The more I thought about it
the more I just wanted to leave.

Going to the bathroom was my only escape, in there I could feel a little more
safe, for as long as it lasted. When could I get out of there? I had promised
to stay for at least an hour and I never knew time could go this slow. I seemed
like everything had slowed down, all I heard was the beat of the music like the
rhythm of a heart, my heart. I got more and more nervous, feeling like I could
throw up at any moment.

My thoughts went back to the moment we had agreed to do this. We had been
married for just over five years and it had become a runt, a daily grind of
going to work, coming home, doing the chores and repeating all of it the next
day. We had moved to the suburbs where we totally were dependent on our cars.
Just going to the grocery store was a trip taking forty minutes. Gone were the
days we could simply walk to a store as we did when we lived downtown. But as
with all marriages we wanted to start a family and buying a house seemed like a
good idea for starters.

To spice up our lives we tried different things, going for romantic dinners, to
the movies, date-nights. In the bedroom we spiced it up as well. Role play, a
little BDSM, watching adult entertainment together, nothing really seemed to
work for the both of us. And I had to admit watching those videos didn't do a
lot for me. Only when we came across videos of real people sharing their
stories something struck me and it struck him even more. It was a video of a
woman sleeping with a another man for the first time as her husband not only
watched but also recorded it. The look on her face when this man penetrated her
as she held the hand of her husband was what did it for me.

We watched video after video, talked about it, he even got me some toys in
different sizes. We started to fantasize about it. How I would go to a bar and
pick up a guy, take him back to the hotel and, well you know what comes next.
The more we talked about it the more we wanted to try it for real, or he wanted
to try it. I never felt quite ready, but I wanted to please him too. I was
willing to cross a line, climb an obstacle just to make him happy.

But as I was actually sitting there all my doubts returned with a vengeance. It
felt wrong, it felt like I was cheating and I became so afraid this would ruin
our marriage. I just couldn't do it. I got out my phone and texted him our safe
word: Magnolias.

Within seconds he messaged back that he was outside in the parking lot. I got
my purse, my jacked and I bolted out of there. In a state of panic I looked
around as I didn't see him. Then I recognized someone, he was standing next to
the car and waving. I ran up to him and got in the passenger seat. "Take me
home," was all I could say.

We had been quite all the way back home. As I sat down at our kitchen table all
the emotions came out at once. Anger, rage, regret and pain. Pain for letting
him down, regret that I just couldn't do it, rage and anger because I had been
such a wuss. I looked up to my left to the flowers in the vase: Magnolias. He
had bought me a bouquet of magnolias. Seeing those made me laugh and I looked
up at my husband.

"A joke," he said, "I knew you couldn't do this. That's why I didn't go inside
and waited for you. But I have to give you this one: you were in there for
almost one and a half hour. So you won the challenge."

"As if that was what we were there for," I replied, "I am so sorry, I just
panicked. I just didn't feel ready. All I could think about was why I was even
there. I was so scared to run into someone. What was I going to tell them?"

"Here," he said as he handed back my wedding ring, "put it back on. I admire
you for trying, maybe we have to rethink this a little bit. Maybe going to a
bar here wasn't the best idea. We could go somewhere else, like to the other
side of the country. You always wanted to go to For Dix, didn't you? Well,
let's go there. Let's make a weekend out of it or maybe even a week."

For Dix isn't only the capital, it is the largest city too. Started as a
colony, it became a fort, then a city. It has lots of history and somehow I
always wanted to go there, to see all the sights and enjoy everything Fort Dix
had to offer. Maybe it was a good idea to try it there, at least the chance of
me bumping into someone I know as next to zero if it wasn't zero at all.

I put my arms around him saying "I am so sorry, Travis. I really tried."

"I know Laura, I know. Don't feel so bad, we tried and now we know that this
isn't the way. We will think of something, we will find a way to make that
fantasy come true. Don't you worry about it."

It had been months since that night and all had returned to the daily grind, we
both had very demanding jobs and worked long hours. We did try to get pregnant,
but it never got so far. I talked to girl friends about it and one of them said
it could be related to the stress I was in. "Maybe if you just relaxed more,
take a vacation or something. Let your body rest for a while. I've heard enough
stories of couples getting pregnant while they were on a holiday. I'm not
joking."

I checked it online and according to multiple medical sites stress did have a
negative effect on getting pregnant. When I talked to Travis about it he sprang
into action and two days later he had booked a hotel in For Dix for a week. All
I had to do was get some time off from work. That was easier said than done, we
were in the crucial stages of a big deal and I was needed to complete it. All I
could do was postpone the holiday, multiple times there was always something
preventing me from taking time off.

The day I learned my colleagues, who were as essential as I was, did get time
off I almost exploded. I ran into my boss's office and demanded an explanation.
"Well, you're a junior. They aren't." was what he said to me. A junior? I had
been working there for longer than the three who were promoted. I did the same
work, got better evaluations and still I wasn't promoted.

Now, I know fully well that I am speaking from a place of luxury as we could
survive quite easy from my husbands salary alone. So I know this isn't
something anyone could do, but I quit right there at that moment. This was just
the drop in the proverbial bucket. The look on his face when I told him that I
was quitting was priceless. He was totally shocked by my sudden explosion.
"What?!" I shouted, "You promoted Tom and Dylan. Even though they have less
experience than I have. My evaluations are great, every single time. I seemed
to be liked by everyone and I would have made a wonderful manager. Is it
because I'm a woman? Huh? Is it because I have a womb? Is that it? I've asked
for a week off for months now. And every time it's something. Now it was that I
was needed for the O'Leary account. Well, David works on that account too. He
is maybe even more important for that account than I am. And he get's two weeks
off to go the Bahama's? He's not even married, so why is it that he gets time
off? This is it, I can't take this any longer. I quit! You will have my
resignation letter within the hour. I expect my last paycheck to be ready when
I leave, if not than you will hear from my lawyer."

I turned around in the doorway. "And did I tell you my husband is my lawyer?
Maybe you've heard of him. Travis Willingham, you know, the one from Willingham
and Riegel. The firm that beat the government last week? Yes, that one."

Walking out of there felt good and frightening at the same time. As I walked
out all the women stood up and applauded. They had the same experiences as I
had and a few days later I learned that almost 20 of them quit after me. As
they couldn't fill the positions quick enough they lost some major accounts. As
far as I know the company policy has changed now and women have an equal chance
of getting promoted as men have. At least something good had come out of it, I
thought when I read that news on Facebook.

The first thing Travis said when I told him was how proud he was off me. "You
stood up against injustice and you did something about it. You might not
realize it now, but you've never been happy working there. That happy go lucky
girl I fell in love with wasn't there anymore. But I know how stubborn you can
be, you would never have listened to me. Remember how angry you got when I
tried to tell you to quit? Oh no, miss independent over here didn't want the be
dependent on me. I never want you to be dependent on me, I just want you to be
happy. To do something you really like to do. So why don't we go on that
holiday, rest and think of something you can do? Maybe start your own little
business, be your own boss."

I don't know how I got this lucky with a man like Travis, he always knew
exactly what to say to make me feel better. How could such a jock have such a
kind heart? He loved his football games, his cage fights, but he cried way more
easy watching movies than I did. That was what made me fall in love with him,
he wasn't scared to show his emotions and still be a strong, muscular man. To
me him having that big of a heart, made him even stronger.

He proved that once and for all to me. I was walking back from the ATM when
some guy grabbed me from behind, placing a knife to my throat. I still to this
day don't know where he came from, but suddenly I saw this arm whisk right next
to my head. Travis hit him right in the face, I can still hear the cracking of
his nose. The knife dropped as did the guy who tried to rob me. "Call the
police," Travis shouted as he got on top of the guy, rolling him over pushing
one arm high up his back. The robber squealed in pain.

It took the police almost ten minutes to arrive, I kicked the knife away and
was in a total state of panic. A woman rushed up to me as she spoke to 911.
"Yes, I've got her. Someone punched the scumbag to the ground. Is he your
husband?" I nodded. "Wow, I've never seen someone move so fast. He sure loves
you honey."

When the police took over I ran into his arms, couldn't stop crying and all
Travis said was "I got you. I'm here for you, always." Travis talked to the
police and told them what had happened. Someone had recorded it on their phone
and showed it to them. Travis was cleared as he was clearly protecting his wife
and even got compliments from the officers that were there.

And now he was there for me once more, supporting me and proving to me how much
he loved me. I felt so grateful for him once again. What did I ever do to
deserve him? I crawled into his open arms and told him how much I loved him. "I
know, Laura, I know." he said with his deep voice.

The next day I woke up at the same time I normally would. Travis was already up
and getting ready for work. On auto pilot I got up to and stumbled into our
bathroom. "Why are you up?" he said. I looked at him and suddenly realized I
didn't have to. I didn't have a job anymore. "Oh yes, I remember now." I turned
around and got back into bed.

As I laid down again my body started to shiver. I felt cold and warm at the
same time, felt like was getting a cold. I didn't say anything and wished
Travis a good day at work. My body just couldn't stop shaking and I started to
feel sick. After laying in bed for a few hours, I got up and put on my
bathrobe, I felt so miserable I laid down on the couch. Around noon I called a
friend who happened to be a doctor.

"Hey Marisha, can we talk for a moment?"

"Quick, I've got a patient in ten minutes. What's up?"

"Well, I quit my job yesterday --"

"Finally! Go on."

I was surprised by her reaction but continued. "And now I feel sick, hot and
warm, my whole body shakes. Do I need to see my doctor about this?"

"Well, firstly I am your doctor and secondly I am speaking as a friend now not
as your doctor, okay? To me it seems that you've been under a lot of stress,
for a prolonged period of time. And now you are getting rest and your body is
telling you that this was long overdue. Tell you what? If you still feel like
this tomorrow come and see me, professionally and we can do some tests."

"Thank you, could you come by later today?"

"Sure, I'm off around six. Be there around seven, okay?"

"Thanks, see you then."

Speaking to her had reassured me enough that I even started to feel a little
better. Perhaps she was right, perhaps this was all just stress related. Maybe
I had ignored myself for too long. I just stayed on that couch watching TV all
day. Around seven Marisha walked in. "So, where's my patient?" she said with a
laugh. We talked for over an hour until Travis came home.

"Well, I'm sure it's just stress," Marisha said, "This can last a while,
depends mostly on the person so I can't tell you how long. Just start doing fun
things, get off that couch and do something active. You always liked to hike,
didn't you? Why don't you do that? Take up that hobby again, you know
photography? That thing you always loved to do and were damn good at."

I started to chuckle "Okay, okay, doc. I will. Going for a hike actually seems
like a lovely idea. I haven't done that for a long time."

The next day after Travis had left I got into my car and drove to the park just
north of our town. As I hadn't walked a trail for so long I chose to start with
the shortest one. Just being there, outside in nature, seeing all the beauty
made me feel a lot better, so much better that by the time I was back at the
car I was almost glad I had quit. During that walk it all became clear to me,
every single sexist remark, every single time a man was promoted over a woman,
ever time a man got all the praise for the work I had done. I was almost glad
because I mostly got angry. Angry at myself for condoning it, angry at them for
doing it, angry at myself for just walking away instead of fighting it.

It was that day I learned on Facebook that other women had quit over the same
reasons after me. I messaged them and they thanked me for standing up and
showing them that it was not acceptable. Hearing that made me feel even better.
"Don't feel bad because you quit. I quit because you showed me how to quit. I
wanted to leave for so long. When I talked to my partner he told me to quit
too. So I did, just like you did." was one of the responses.

Finally I felt like I had taken my revenge and that is had been a good thing I
got out of there when I did. Fighting it would have lead to more stress and
maybe even to worse things physically. They made me realize I didn't have a
choice anymore and when I closed the laptop I had finally reached that point of
acceptance.

Day after day I felt better and better. I went for a walk every single day and
started taking photo's again. Flowers, birds, landscapes, details of buildings
I started to notice. I just couldn't get enough of it. In the evenings when
Travis was working late I spent time on adjusting them. Lighting, colors and
everything else I could do.

When I finally had a photo almost perfect I skipped to Travis, took his hand
and showed it to him. "Look, look, I did it. Isn't it perfect." It was a photo
of a magnolia, the balance between the whites and the greens was just
perfect.

"Wow, did you take that one?" he asked. I just nodded. "Wow, that could be in a
magazine. Why don't you try to sell them? I've heard of this site where artists
can show off their work and companies interested can buy their products. Why
don't you look into that? You love photography and you're damn good at it."

"Really? You think I could do that?"

"Why not? You won't know until you try."

I sat down at the laptop again and searched for a site like Travis had
mentioned. I read their documentation and their frequently asked questions. I
was a little taken away by the amount of money they withheld from every sale,
but you have to start somewhere they say. After comparing a couple of sites, I
chose the one with the best reviews which happened to be the biggest site of
all of them.

I registered an account and chose the free plan at first. It did mean they
would take a larger percentage, but at least it didn't cost us anything when
things wouldn't work out. I completed my bio, uploaded a nice photo of myself
and completed what they called 'Your Portfolio'. I was rather pleased with the
result, now came the hard part. Selection photos to upload and figuring out
what I thought they would be worth.

The next day I spent all day at my laptop, looking at photos others were
offering and noting the prices they asked. I didn't want to be overpriced nor
to cheap. At the end of the day I had made ten photos available for purchase,
one of them was the magnolia photo.

Via the site I came into contact with others and we shared tips and tricks how
to make the photos even better. One of them sold photos for big prices and he
was more than happy to share. I took classes from professional photographers,
learned how to make beautiful landscapes, detailed photos and portraits. I also
learned to technical aspects like developing film, exposure and working in a
dark room. I felt energized and couldn't wait to tell Travis all that I had
done or learned that day.

He was so happy to see me this excited again, especially when I sold my very
first photo. It was my magnolia picture and it was later used by some website
to complete an article they published. Seeing my name underneath the article
was a very special moment. "Photo by Laura Davis. All rights reserved." I took
a screenshot and mailed it to family and friends.

During our holiday to Fort Dix I took hundreds if not thousands of photos.
Travis joked that I was experiencing the city through a lens. He loved to see
me that excited though. And yes, I had some days where I left the camera at the
hotel. Somehow I felt naked without it, but I wanted to be there with the man I
loved. We had a wonderful time seeing all the sites, taking in the culture of
that city, eating at the best restaurants and taking strolls on the beach in
the evenings. "I could see myself living here," I said as a joke.

Travis stopped walking, looked at me and said "I was thinking the same thing.
Sam and I have been talking and maybe it's time for me to move on. I've done
all this corporate stuff for so long now, it's not a challenge anymore. Sam is
willing to buy me out. With that money I could easily open my own office here,
you could become a photographer. I mean all the stock I have, we wouldn't have
to worry about money ever again. So why don't we both slow down and start
living again? What do you say?"

"But you love working with Sam."

"I do, I really do. We've known each other for so long now. It's just, I can
dream the cases now, there's no more challenge. Although we never know how a
judge or a jury will decide, it's always the same boring corporate stuff. I
could take some classes, pass the bar and become a defense lawyer here. Like I
wanted to do when I was in law school."

"But it would mean we are leaving our friends and family behind."

"Yes, but it's a three hour flight. And be honest, with her being a doctor how
often do you see Marisha any way. If we live here she has to stay for at least
a day, if not longer. And there's something called the internet."

I chuckled "You're right, as always. Let's think about it, let's not take quick
decisions. This is way to big for that. Let's calm down and think about it."

"Okay, how long?"

"Until we've really thought it through." Travis nodded and we continued
walking. I put my arms around him and took a deep breath. I couldn't remember
the last time I had been this happy.

When we were back in hour hotel room Travis said "Have we thought about it for
long enough now? Because I've made up my mind."

I chuckled and said "Let it sink in for a while. I'm not so sure yet. Yes, this
is a lovely town and yes I could see myself living here. But we also have a
nice thing going now. Do we really want to risk it all? On a whim, an urge?"

"Yes, how can we ever know if we don't try? If we don't do it now it might
never happen at all and we might regret that later in life. I don't want such
regret. If it doesn't work out, we at least tried."

"There you go again being all reasonable. Stop that. It makes me feel
uncomfortable." I chuckled. Deep inside I knew he had a point, but the fear of
it all going wrong was stronger. I just needed some more time to make up my
mind.

"Just don't take to long," Travis said, "Or you might have to take long flights
to come and see me." I threw a pillow at him, but he ducked away into the
bathroom just too quickly.

After we came home again the thought of moving never left me. The more I
thought about it the more I wanted to go. He was right about everything. If Sam
did buy him out we wouldn't have to worry about money ever again. They had
started their firm literally from our bedroom. I chuckled thinking back to that
little, one-bedroom apartment we shared, we weren't even married then. Travis
proposed to me when they won their first case. From that moment forward their
firm skyrocketed. Sam, who was more business savvy, convinced Travis to put
some of their money into stocks, both owning 50 percent of them.

They had looked at every angle and doing so wasn't illegal as long as they
didn't invest in clients. Whenever they owned stock and that company became a
client, they sold all of what they owned to avoid conflicts of interest or
insider trading claims. They always made sure the stocks were sold before a
contract was signed.

When there were claims of insider trading the SEC inspected their books and
always cleared them of wrong doing. The same was true for the BAR association.
I was present during one of those negotiations.

"This is a good case for us to take on," Sam said, "But, there is one problem.
We own stock in your company and we can't talk specifics as long as we own that
stock. Before we sign anything, before you go into details we need to sell our
stock. And no you can't tell us anything about it, that would be insider
trading and that's not something either of us want to deal with. So, come back
tomorrow, we will have sold our stock and read up on this case. Then we can
decide whether you want us to represent you. Is that a good plan?"

If it hadn't been for their reputation I don't believe any of the companies
would have accepted that. They would just go to another firm. When the visitors
had left I wanted to speak up but Sam gestured for me to be quiet. He clicked a
button under the desk he was sitting at, waited for a few seconds and said "We
record everything, just to be sure. If you had spoken I would have had to
explain why you were here. Now I can tell them that you were just an intern who
was sitting in to see how it goes. That you aren't involved in this case one
way or the other."

"Ah, that also answered my question."

"That's how I roll. Come, Travis should be back from court any minute now. I
hope he has some good news."

Sam was a shrewd lawyer and he knew it. His self-confidence oozed out of him,
without getting arrogant. He always knew how to make jokes about himself.
"Don't you know that I'm fabulously rich?" he always said with a twinkle in his
eye. He flirted with women, but never went too far as he was very happily
married and didn't ever want to do anything to hurt her. Not after what they
went through in New York, they saw the towers fall. She even took photos of the
planes hitting the tower.

When they arrived in New Jersey, they were still covered with the dust off the
towers. They had heard the thumps of bodies hitting the ground. That experience
had welded a bond between them that simply couldn't be broken. You could see
the love in his eyes whenever he talked about her, the only woman that had been
able to tame him.

I respected him for it so much and he always made me laugh. He not only was
Travis' best friend, he was mine too. Thinking about leaving him and Marisha to
go live in Fort Dix was the only thing that kept me from getting on that plane.

"Marisha, Sam, thank you for coming," I said as we sat down at a table in my
favorite coffee shop. "I've been struggling with something and I need both your
advise. You are both my best friends, besides Travis that is. But this is
something I need you two for."

I was quiet for a moment before I spoke again. "As you know Sam Travis wants to
open his own little office and move into criminal law. And I know he talked to
you about it."

"Yes, he did. And I offered him a way out."

"A very generous one," I responded, "Well, when we were in For Dix I said I
could live there as a joke. But he was serious about it. With the money you
offered we could actually do this."

"So, why don't you?" Marisha interrupted.

"Because it would mean I -- we would be so far apart. I am so afraid I'm going
to miss you two. That's what's holding me back."

Sam turned to Marisha and said "I can see how that is an issue. If only there
was a solution. Like some sort of transportation that would make this a lot
easier."

"Yeah," Marisha replied, "but I just can't think what that could be? I mean
driving takes far too long, walking even longer."

"If I dove into the river, take a left at some point. Crossed the mountains,
swam for another few days I could get there."

"Good point, but there has to be something easier, quicker. Like going through
the sky."

"Through the sky? You are joking, can we do that?"

"Yes, I've read about it. Two guys invented something that enables us to fly."

"Really? When?"

"Oh, almost a hundred years ago."

"That long? Wow." Sam turned to me "Get our point?"

I started laughing and said "Yes, I get the point. I think I just needed to
hear it from you two. You could have left out the whole charade though."

"Why?" Marisha chuckled, "That wouldn't have been fun."

"Thank you, the both of you. I think I might make Travis happy tonight. I think
we're moving to Fort Dix."

Marisha cheered "Yay, can I come over when you're settled? Do you have a room
for me?"

"Always, I love you both so much."

## Chapter Two
Our new apartment was just so beautiful. The locations was just perfect, just
outside of *Old Town*, the city center of Fort Dix. There were shops and
restaurants everywhere as this part of town was still very much kept in the
European way of city design. The further out you got the wider the roads got
and the more it started to look like anywhere else in the country.

We had chosen this area on purpose. Having lived in the suburbs had made us
realize we didn't want that anymore. The mere fact we could walk to a grocery
store was like being in heaven for us and I wondered why not all cities were
build this way. The street we were living on was even closed for traffic except
for the people who lived there. And as there wasn't any parking spots along the
street there wasn't any traffic.

We had sold our old house, our cars and everything else we either couldn't or
didn't want to bring with us. The sale of all the stocks combined with half the
worth of the old law firm made it able for us to never have to worry about
money ever again.

Just days after Travis had passed the BAR, he opened his law office and his
first clients. Small cases but he was happy. Slowly he started to make a name
for himself and the caseload rose with it. Bigger cases, more exposure. But he
was just one lawyer, with one clerk who helped him. Ashley was a nice girl and
we got along real well.

My photos started to sell, but it was rather slow and I thought long and hard
about how I could change that. One day I took a photo of her and asked if she
minded if I tried to sell it online. That photo sold almost immediately.

When I told Ashley about it she blushed "Who me? You are joking who wants a
photo of me?"

"Well, Woman's Day apparently."

"Woman's Day? Am I going to be in Woman's Day?"

"I don't know," I replied matching her enthusiasm, "But they bought the photo."

We agreed to do a series and we had a lovely day with lot's of laughter doing
it. I took lot's of photos of her in different outfits. Some of them sold,
others not so much. We started to more shoots in different locations, she was
just so good in front of the camera. On my advice she registered with an agency
and it didn't take long for her to become a serious model. Not that she
traveled the world, but she got contracts for ads and even a commercial. "It's
just a nice hobby," she said.

In the mean time I got some jobs with some magazines and news papers after I
had registered as an independent photographer. I worked free lance only as I
didn't want to be an employee anymore. Being my own boss was just perfect for
me and it gave me the freedom to decline offers too.

I went to parties, concerts, weddings and even some big news worthy conferences
with world leaders. My name as a photographer was rising and I just couldn't
have been more happy.

The first time Marisha came over to visit I took her with me on a job, she
loved seeing me work. Afterwards I showed her the city. "It's nice to see you
this happy again," she said as we were having dinner, "How's things with
Travis?"

"Alright, he's very busy as an attorney. His little firm is taking off too.
He's even thinking about hiring another lawyer. I just hope he isn't going to
work long hours again, not like it was back home. We came here to slow down,
you know?"

"Did you tell him that?"

"How could I? I'm working a lot too. But that's mainly because I don't want to
be home alone all day."

"I really think you should tell him. If you don't how will he know? You seem
happy, he's happy. He could just think everything is okay the way it is."

"You might be right. I will talk to him, but not while you are here. What if we
get into a fight? I don't want you to be in the middle of it."

"That's fair," Marisha replied, "Just promise me you will talk to him. He's
earned it."

"I promise."

As fast as the jobs came, as fast as they dried up. I still was selling photos
through the site, I even had upgraded my account to get more options. But the
fast flow I had been in wasn't there anymore. I still did some weddings and
concerts, but missing some essential photos other photographers did get made me
less appealing for news outlets. I realized I just wasn't cutout to be a news
photographer.

One day I was contacted by a publisher. They told me how much they loved the
portraits I had done and if I would want to come talk to them. My nerves were
raging as I sat in the lobby of a very nice office building. A woman with very
nice hair, dressed in an immaculate suit and a draped skirt asked me to follow
her. She led me into the best meeting room I had ever seen.

Not long after a very handsome man walked in and sat down next to me, not
across from me, but next to me. It felt a little uncomfortable at first but his
whole demeanor was welcoming and warm.

"So nice to meet you," he said, "I'm Ezra, the head of scouting. We saw your
photos online and loved what you did with the portraits. Now we did try to
strike a deal with the model too, but she declined. She was way to busy with
work she said."

"That's Ashley for you." I replied.

"It seems so," he chuckled, "but then we got to thinking. Those photos were
made by you and that's why they came onto our radar. Now, we do have to ask for
some discretion from your part as what we will discuss here can be seen as
problematic to some people. Tell me have you ever thought about venturing into
glamour photography?"

"Glamour?"

"Yes, a little more -- nudity?"

"Nudity? You mean, nudes?"

"Well, yes. We publish one of the biggest magazines for men. And all of our
photographers are men too. We'd love to see how a woman would create them, a
female touch so to say."

"I don't know. Never thought about it before. Nudes? Dirty pictures you mean?"

"No, absolutely no genitals. But a little more skin, maybe even topless. But
classy photos. Like a beautiful woman on the beach, for example. Or sheets
draped around her body, you name it. We could talk to you about the assignment
and you would have full creative control. You would work with professional
models and with amateurs. We have a series called "This is my wife", where
women can apply for a shoot. But only if their partner agrees. We interview
her, about her youth, her life. We accompany those articles with some beautiful
photos and they decide how far they are willing to go."

"But those photos are always changed, manipulated."

"Not ours, we show women in all shapes and sizes. We want to show the beauty of
a woman, not a fantasy. That's why so many women work for us, we respect women.
I might be the head of scouting, but Sophia, the woman who picked you up, is
the head of design. It was her turn to bring you here, nobody here is more
important than the other. We are all needed to make this work."

"But someone has to make the decisions."

"That's true. I have the final say on hiring, Sophia when it comes to design,
others in their field. But we almost always come to an agreement."

"Although you make it seem so nice, I will have to think about this. I never
thought about doing this and I will have to discuss this with my husband. He's
a lawyer and I don't want to do anything that will either hurt or damage his
reputation."

"That's fair. You could always work under an alias. We will register that alias
and still pay you what is owned. We can even talk about licensing, that way you
would still own the copyright. Which would mean you also get a percentage of
the amount of magazines sold. Or we could make the deal that we pay you a fixed
amount for the job and the copyright is ours."

"Gosh, I really don't know. Can I think about this?"

"Sure, but we need an answer by next Friday. There's a shoot in Hawaii where we
want you for. We have the perfect model, a housewife from Toronto, but she only
wants to work with a woman. This way we will still have some time to find
someone else. And just to make sure how much we want to work with you, you are
the very first we thought of."

"That's surely flattering, but I really need some time."

"I understand. Thank you for coming and I hope we will hear from you soon. I
need to go now but Sophia will escort you back to the lobby. Again, thank you
for entertaining us."

As Sophia picked me up she asked "And? Are you considering this offer?"

"I don't know yet. Glamour? Never really thought about it."

Sophia stopped and said "Neither did I. But when I applied to be in *this is my
wife* I got to know these people. They don't want porn, they want classy
beautiful photos. When I told my parents what I was going to do, they were
horrified. Their daughter naked in a magazine? What would everybody think?
Until they saw the photos. They bought all the magazines they could get and
handed them out. "This is our daughter," they said. I didn't show anything
that I didn't want to show. All you could see was my back, heck I wear dresses
that show more skin than I showed in those photos. It's just because they
appear in a magazine for men that they are called glamour, that's all. Let me
ask you this? Do you ever wear a bikini?"

"Sure, when I go to the beach."

"So why is it that that's perfectly fine, but a photo of you in that same
bikini in a magazine for men, isn't?"

"Good question. Never thought of it that way."

"Well, now we can have a woman take those photos. Give them a female touch."

"You've given me a lot to think about. Thank you and it was nice meeting you."

"Same here, drive safely."

On the way back home everything went through my head again, especially what
Sophia had said. However I turned or twisted it I always came to the same
conclusion. I wouldn't do this without Travis' consent. I would have to talk to
him about this and about the other thing. As soon as I walked into our door I
texted him. "Can you come home early? I need to talk to you."

It was only three when Travis stormed in. "What's wrong? Did I do something?"

"No, no," I chuckled, "I am so sorry if I scared you."

"Phew, you startled me. So what's up?"

"Well, two things and please don't get angry I just want to tell you how I
feel."

"Okay, promised."

"We came her to slow down, didn't we?" Travis nodded. "Well, you are working
almost the same hours as you did back home. I just wanted to let you know,
that's all. If this is your way of slowing down, then we have different
definitions of the word."

"Spoken like a true lawyer," Travis chuckled.

"Learned from the best. Sam is such a good teacher." I laughed.

"Sam? What about me?"

"You're okay too. But hey, it's Sam we're talking about. He's fabulously rich,
don't you know?"

"Touche. And yes you're right. I've noticed it too, that's why I didn't take
any new cases. I've got one big one and I really need to concentrate on that
one. So, just another week or two and I will slow down again. Thank you for
noticing too and even more, thank you for telling me."

"You're welcome. Now the other thing. You know I had that meeting today, didn't
you?"

"Oh yes, how did that go?"

"Well, that's why I need to talk. It's not quite what I expected."

"No? Then why are we talking about it."

"Because it's a good deal we could make. I could do the jobs they offer, keep
the copyright of the photos and get a percentage of the magazines they sell."

"Okay, and how much would that be?"

"I don't know yet. I thought it unwise to talk details without talking to you
first. You are a lawyer and could help me with the negotiations. There is just
one thing."

"Which is?"

"It's glamour photos. You know of women for a magazine for men. Nudity."

"Ah, do you happen to ask which magazine?"

"Oh God no. I was so overwhelmed I totally forgot. But I talked to Sophia,
she's the head of design. She told me how her parents were so scared when she
told hem she was going to model. When they saw the photos though they bough all
the magazines they could get and handed them out like cookies. They were so
proud."

"That's a nice story, but is it true?"

"That I don't know. But she asked me a question and that really made me think.
What do I wear when I go to the beach?"

"I don't know, a bikini?"

"Yes, why is that perfectly fine and having photos published of me in that same
bikini isn't? I mean there are men on the beach when I'm there. The all can see
me in it. So what's the difference?"

"Never though about it that way. I guess there isn't a difference, come to
think about it."

"Exactly! And did I tell you that they want me for a shoot in Hawaii? We could
go to Hawaii, make a week out of it where I go to work for a day and we could
have some quality time together."

"Hawaii? Wow. That's quite the offer."

"It is. But I don't want to do it if you are not 100% behind it. I mean I could
always publish under an alias, but you as well as I know that isn't perfectly
secure. Someone will find out, one way or the other. And I don't want to lie to
our friends about it either."

"Yes, I see what you mean. But why would your work hinder mine?"

"Well, some clients might not like that I'm doing this. Some might have a big
problem with it."

"Than I don't want to represent them any way. They should not let what you do
decide if they want me to represent them. That decision should be based upon
what I do."

"Wow. Do you really mean that?"

"Yes, as you said we came here to slow down. I've worked cases I didn't really
want to do for long enough. One of the main reasons I wanted to stop working
with Sam. I can't defend clients who are doing things I don't agree with
anymore. No matter how good the money is. I felt like I was selling my soul.
The clients who I represent now are truly innocent, I can proof it. They are
just fighting against a machine with all the power. I love being the sand that
stops the motor."

"Who's being a lawyer now?" I laughed.

We talked some more and even came up with a strategy. Travis would come with me
to the next meeting and we would try and get the best deal possible. We hugged,
went out for dinner and just had a nice evening together.

The next day I called the publisher and we scheduled a meeting for the day
after. That meeting went as well as could be expected. What they offered us was
total ownership of all the photos, 25,000 dollars a shoot and five percent of
all magazines with my photos sold. This deal would mean that all costs that I
made would be for us, nothing would be arranged for me to get there. But the
simple fact that I still would be my own boss and I would keep the copyright on
all my photos meant more to me than anything else.

"Does this include reprinting?" Travis asked as he was going through the
contract.

"Yes," Sophia said, "Whenever we reprint a photo we will oblige by the contract
and pay you the 5 percent of all sold copies."

"Then I thin we can make this deal." Travis said with a smile, "I think you can
sign this, Laura. I don't see any problems with this contract." He turned to
Sophia and said "If, and only if, you change article 3, subsection e to include
all future reprints of the photos. And we do mean ALL future reprints."

"I will make sure the changes are made, please wait a moment for our legal team
to make those changes." She got up, walked out and five minutes later she
returned. "Do you want another coffee? Or tea? No. Okay, well let me then say
how happy I am you're on board with this Laura. I am so excited about this and
I can't wait for the photos you will take of me."

"You? Are you the model?"

"Yes, I am. My husband's idea. Dave? Dave, can you come in here?"

The man I had talked to in the first meeting walked in. "This is my husband
Dave. We met when I started working here. We were with three people back then,
mainly publishing catalogs for online shops. It was when I could convince them
to buy TMZ when it all skyrocketed."

"TMZ?" Travis burst out, "TMZ? Really?" I stared at him a little confused and
Travis said "Only the biggest magazine for men in the country?"

I had a suspicious look on my face and he quickly said "Oh, I only bought them
for the interviews. Like all men do."

I burst into laughter and so did Sophia and Dave, who said "That's the excuse
we hear from all our *readers*." A paralegal came in, handed Sophia the changed
contract which Travis quickly checked and I signed. We had officially struck a
deal.

"Now, why don't we go get dinner together and I can explain our ideas for this
shoot." Sophia said, "I am so looking forward to this."

The shoot wouldn't be for a few weeks, plenty of time for me to inform our
family and friends. My mother had it the hardest with the news. "Mom, it's not
that I'm going to be in the pictures. I'm just the one making them. It's good
money mom and we get to go to Hawaii."

"I guess that's true. I'm just a bit worried, that's all. You hear so many
horror stories about -- well -- that industry."

"It's not porn, mom. The woman wants classy pictures, beautiful photos. Yes,
they might show a little more, but it's not vulgar in any shape or form. I
can't tell you about it now, it's all classified. But you will see when they
are published, there's no need to be worried. It will be beautiful mom, I will
make sure of it."

"Okay, I trust you. Thank you for telling us."

"Always mom."

## Chapter Three
The flight had been long and we were a bit struck by the heat when we landed.
We rented a car and after a short trip we ended up in one of the best hotels we
had ever been in. In stead of an ugly high rise, these were all loose cabins
and close to the beach. There was a swimming pool, a good restaurant and even a
small bar where you could get every single kind of cocktail you wanted. I got
myself a fake Hawaiian bikini, including fake grass skirt.

When I first came out of the bedroom Travis took some photos of me in it. I
still wore the flowers we had received at the airport when they welcomed us to
the islands. We went exploring the retreat a little and I squealed when I saw
they had a spa. "I want to go there," I said with high voice, "Oh, I can feel
the mask already. So relaxing as they work on my nails. Um, if they weren't
closed right now I would make an appointment."

One of the girls behind the desk in the lobby had clearly heard me as she said
"Oh, I can schedule you in miss. Not a problem." I waved her away "I can't
right now. Busy schedule tomorrow, but thanks." She smiled and went back to
whatever she was doing.

We had a lovely dinner with a view over the ocean. It was all just so
beautiful, that night my husband got lucky while I was still wearing that
bikini and a big flower in my hair.

The next day was the day of the shoot and I felt a little anxious about it. The
car was filled with all kinds of equipment we had rented for the shoot. As it
still was quite early it was very quiet on the road. We arrived a little early
and I walked around to see locations where I wanted to shoot. It was a
beautiful house and a very beautiful location. We had access to a pristine
private beach, the house and everything that surrounded it. I gasped when I
noticed there even was a waterfall we could use. All kinds of ideas popped up
in my head.

I took some test photos, set up the lighting in the house and as I was working
Sophia arrived with two suitcases full of clothes she could wear. I showed her
the locations I had selected and she was more than happy with them.

"Isn't Dave coming?"

"Oh no, it's just you and me. I noticed Travis was here too. Would he mind
spending the day somewhere else? I've arranged for some girls to come and help
us. The whole idea was to have an all female shoot."

"Oh I think he doesn't mind at all. He was thinking about going fishing and
this would be a perfect excuse."

Travis didn't know how quick he could go and even thanked me. Not long after he
had left the other girls arrived. They helped me setup, did Sophia's hair and
makeup and we started the shoot. Inside at first. A series of her coming down
the stairs, elegantly dressed in a white dress. Then a series of her sitting on
the couch, looking outside, some of her in the kitchen with a glass of wine.

It was so much fun working with all those women. I even took some photos of the
others. "Maybe we could take one of me with some of them, like friends
visiting." I thought it was a great idea and we made it fun, so the laughes and
smiles were real

One of the girls behind the desk in the lobby had clearly heard me as she said
"Oh, I can schedule you in miss. Not a problem." I waved her away "I can't
right now. Busy schedule tomorrow, but thanks." She smiled and went back to
whatever she was doing.

We had a lovely dinner with a view over the ocean. It was all just so
beautiful, that night my husband got lucky while I was still wearing that
bikini and a big flower in my hair.

The next day was the day of the shoot and I felt a little anxious about it. The
car was filled with all kinds of equipment we had rented for the shoot. As it
still was quite early it was very quiet on the road. We arrived a little early
and I walked around to see locations where I wanted to shoot. It was a
beautiful house and a very beautiful location. We had access to a pristine
private beach, the house and everything that surrounded it. I gasped when I
noticed there even was a waterfall we could use. All kinds of ideas popped up
in my head.

I took some test photos, set up the lighting in the house and as I was working
Sophia arrived with two suitcases full of clothes she could wear. I showed her
the locations I had selected and she was more than happy with them.

"Isn't Dave coming?"

"Oh no, it's just you and me. I noticed Travis was here too. Would he mind
spending the day somewhere else? I've arranged for some girls to come and help
us. The whole idea was to have an all female shoot."

"Oh I think he doesn't mind at all. He was thinking about going fishing and
this would be a perfect excuse."

Travis didn't know how quick he could go and even thanked me. Not long after he
had left the other girls arrived. They helped me setup, did Sophia's hair and
makeup and we started the shoot. Inside at first. A series of her coming down
the stairs, elegantly dressed in a white dress. Then a series of her sitting on
the couch, looking outside, some of her in the kitchen with a glass of wine.

It was so much fun working with all those women. I even took some photos of the
others. "Maybe we could take one of me with some of them, like friends
visiting." I thought it was a great idea and we made it fun, so the laughter
and smiles were real.

Then Sophia changed into a new outfit and we went outside. I told her how to
pose. "Now look straight into the lens. Look serious, yes like that. Now put
you right had on the strap and hold hit with two fingers, like you are about to
pull it down. Yes, just like that. Yes, yes, good. Nice. A little further, show
us that beautiful shoulder. Oh yes, yes, that's it." I looked up at here and
asked "Are you ready?"

Sophia nodded and said "I was ready yesterday. Let's do it." One of the girls
unzipped her dress and photo after photo Sophia showed a little more of her,
until finally the dress rested on her hips and she covered her breasts with her
arm. On the next photo she turned around towards the see and let her arms rest
normally, that was my very first topless photo. She looked almost regal even if
she was topless. The next photos were of here wearing only a thong.

Then we had a break for lunch and we all just had a good time. It felt so good
being amongst all women. For the last series Sophia changed into a bikini and
we went to the garden with the water fall. Sophia stepped into the water and I
started shooting. "Just have some fun with the water," I said and she did
deliver. Photo after photo she got more and more wet. She even stepped into the
falling water and I kept shooting. Finally she took of her top and went
underneath the water. I took a series of her coming op and swooping her long
hair backwards. When I checked them on my laptop they were all just magical, as
if she was a mermaid rising up from the sea.

As it got darker we were cleaning up. I saw the light in the sky and asked if
she wanted to do one more series. We walked up to the beach, to where the ocean
came up on the sand. Sophia immediately knew what to do. She undressed and laid
down in the wet sand. This time she was completely naked. I took a series of
photos of her in the sand, in some of them she even stared straight into the
camera. This session wasn't planned it just seemed right to do as the light was
just perfect.

In the end it was just Sophia and me left as we waited for Travis to come pick
me up. "Try this on," she said as she handed me that white dress she had worn
in the first shoot.

"Oh I can't," I protested, "this won't fit me."

"Bull, it's one-size-fits-all. Just try it on already."

I went into the bathroom and changed into that beautiful dress. I had never
worn anything like this. The dress had a gap in front clearly showing my
cleavage. The dress was so tight it showed all my curves. The moment I stepped
out of the bathroom Sophia took a picture of me. She looked at the small screen
on the back of the camera and said "Wow, you look so good in a photo. Come
here, stand over there." She gave me some instructions on how to stand and I
had some fun posing for her.

"Now," she said, "show me some more. Pull down your top and show me what you
got."

"Oh I can't."

"Who is here to see it? And this is your camera."

"Yes but --"

"Think about the surprise for Travis. Some photos of his wife like this."

I thought about it for a while, laughed and loosened the straps, ever so slow I
pulled the bodice down until with one flash of the camera a photo of me
exposing my breasts was made. I pulled everything up right after and started to
giggle. "Wow," Sophia said, "You should really think about modeling. I really
think it would sell."

I changed into my own clothes again and handed Sophia the dress. "Oh, keep it.
It looked way better on you than it did on me. I hardly ever wear it. It's a
gift."

"Oh I can't accept this."

"Sure, you can and I see some headlights coming. It's too late anyway. My
suitcases are in my car already. Come let me help you pack so we can get out of
here. I had the best day, can't wait to see the results."

That evening it was just a little to warm for me to sleep and I still felt the
rush of the shoot so I decided to work on the photos a little. Just to make a
first selection. When I came around to the photos of me in that dress it
shocked me a little. The photos were alright, lighting could have been better
but what shocked me was how good I looked in that dress, how I seemed to pop
out of the photo. I just couldn't believe that Sophia had been right.

Just as I came around to the topless one Travis leaned over my shoulder. "Is
that my wife? Wow, she looks hot. Is that the dress she gave you?" I nodded
"Wow, nice gift," he said and before I realized he pressed the arrow key to go
forward. The photo of me topless appeared on the screen. I felt so embarrassed
that I wanted to close the laptop. "Oh no, I want to see that one. Wow, did you
really -- just wow."

"It was just Sophia and me, I don't know what came over me, it just happened."

"No, it's beautiful. I love it. Wow, if I didn't know better I would show this
to everyone. Look this is my wife, I would say."

"Funny, the series is called that."

"Really? I didn't know." Travis replied veining it.

"Do you really like it?"

"Yes, it's so nice. You should be so proud, I know I am."

"But, I'm topless."

"Even better, I wouldn't mind seeing more of those."

"But you have the real deal sitting right here."

"I know, but it's so nice to see those photos. I don't mind sharing you with
the world. I've told you that once before, remember? When we tried that thing
in the bar?"

"Oh yes, almost forgot about that."

"We've had a lot of changes the past year. But I haven't changed my mind. If
you still have that fantasy, I'm not opposed. I've seen how you enjoyed the men
checking you out in that bikini. You even added a little more bounce to your
step."

"I did? Really? I didn't realize."

"Oh yes you did. Just to make those mamas bounce a little more. You loved the
attention you got and the best thing is that you didn't even realize that you
did it. That makes it even more attractive."

"Wow, I didn't know men were that shallow."

"Oh we are," Travis replied, "We don't need to get to know a woman. Are you
kidding? If you offer we take. That's just the way it is."

"Really? But doesn't it have to mean something?"

"Why? It's just sex."

"Just sex? What about intimacy? Love?"

"That's why I married you. But before? I couldn't care less. Until I met you.
From the moment I met you I wanted to take it slow. I wanted it to mean
something for the both of us. That's why I did what I did back then. I wanted
more from you, I wanted to love you and you to love me. I wanted this what we
have to mean something. And when you said yes, I was and still am the luckiest
man alive. Because I get to spend my life with you."

I hugged him and whispered "Guess who is getting to be lucky right now."

## Chapter Four
We stayed for another week before Travis had to be back. We spent those days
exploring the island. We went to see a volcano, walked a trail through the
beautiful nature on the island and much much more.

The last day Travis wanted to go fishing once more and I wanted to treat myself
at the spa. We had agreed to go to a nice restaurant that evening to close a
wonderful vacation before we both had to get to work. Me on the photos and
Travis was due in court. They really pampered me that day, I had a facial, a
massage, had my nails and hair done. I felt like a million buck when I left that
space.

As I still had some hours to kill I decided to spent them pool side and catch
some sun. As I walked towards it I bought some sun screen at the shop and found
myself a nice chair to lay on. As I was smearing the lotion on my legs I
noticed a man watching me, he didn't even hide it. At first it felt
uncomfortable, but then the words Travis had said popped up in my head "You
liked it and you didn't even realize it."

I acted like I hadn't noticed and kept on applying the sun screen. I made sure
he could see how I applied it to the base of my breasts and my belly. I raised
up my sunglasses and laid down in the sun, bending on knee slightly. I must
have laid there for twenty minutes before I heard a male voice next to me say
"Don't you want someone to take care of your back?"

I opened my eyes and lowered my glasses. The man that had been watching me was
standing over me. I felt a slight panic come over me and wanted to say it was
alright, that I didn't need him to, but instead I said "That would be lovely,
thank you." He knelt down, grabbed the bottle and I turned over on my stomach.

He poured the lotion on my back, it felt cold at first but I liked hit. My
heart started racing when he touched me, rubbing in the lotion. First just my
back, then my lower back, stopping short of my pelvis. Then he went back up
again, making sure he got all of my back and my neck and shoulders.

He poured some more lotion on my back and started rubbing it in again, this
time he went underneath the strap of my top and further to the side, just
missing my boobs. Every time he got close to them I bit my lip a little. This
must have me bolstered him, because the next time he went a little farther.
"Let me loosen this," he said as he untied the knot on my back. Before I
realized the traps were laying on the chair next to me. He poured some more
lotion and this time he touched the base of my breasts, softly squeezing them.
He slowly went down again, rubbing the sides of my hips. As he went up again I
bit my lip and just as he was about to touch my breasts I lifted my torso a
little so he could get underneath me. He cupped my breasts and squeezed them. I
could help but moan softly.

Suddenly I realized what was happening, I tied up my top again and with a red
heat I thanked him. Collected all my things and rushed to our cabin. I closed
all the doors and fell onto our bed. A few minutes later Travis walked in.
"What's wrong?" he asked when he saw me.

"Nothing." I replied.

"No, something's up. So tell me."

"I don't know how."

"Was it because that man was rubbing you with lotion?"

"How -- what? -- How?"

"I saw you two. I came back and you weren't here. The spa had already closed so
I tried the pool and there you were. Talking to that guy. Before I realized
what was happening I saw you turn over and he knelt down. So I sat down at the
bar, ordered a cocktail and started to watch. I could see from far away that
you enjoyed it. Especially when he touched your breasts."

"You saw all of that?"

"Oh yes," Travis smiled.

"And you aren't angry?"

"Why should I? I have a wife who still has it. Men are still very attracted to
you. I'm not the jealous type, never have been. I know that in the end you will
come back to me, sleep in my bed and make love to me. The rest is just
satisfying needs and if you need this, who am I to deny you that?"

"But we are married," I protested.

"So? If we both agree to this, it isn't cheating anymore, is it? Just as long
as we both are honest and open about it."

"Wait? Both? You want to be with other women?"

"No, but I wouldn't say no to see you have a good time. Even if it isn't with
me."

"Wait? No. What?"

"You heard me," Travis said with a slight smile, "It's not that I didn't tell
you this earlier. The whole bar fiasco was about this, remember?"

"Oh yes, how could I forget. But I'm like that. I love you and you alone."

"That's so nice to hear. But as I said, that part isn't about love. It is about
satisfying needs. Look me in the eyes and tell me that you didn't enjoy him
touching you. Come one I dare you."

I looked him straight in the eyes and so much wanted to say that I didn't. "I
can't," I said as I looked away, "that would be a lie."

"Exactly! You like the attention you get, you liked that stranger touching you
and you still have a fantasy about being with another man. I know you, Laura.
You can't hide it from me. I can see the extra bounce in your step, I can see
that you enjoy being stared at. You are only pretending that you don't because
that is the way you were raised. And I love that about you, but I also want you
to enjoy yourself. For you to be happy. And I am willing to give you the space
you need to explore your sexuality, to see how far you are willing to go."

"I don't know. It's so wrong, I am married to you! I chose you!"

"Yes, and I chose you. That will never ever change. This is me showing how much
I love you, that I am willing to give you the room to explore. This is my
ultimate show of trust that despite everything you will return to me, be at my
side, be mine. I am just willing to share so you can get everything you need."

I hugged and kissed him, I just didn't know what to say. It was time to get
ready for dinner and I stepped into the shower. While the water was falling on
me I could feel these hands touching me again. "Oh yes, touch my breasts," I
whispered, "squeeze them. Pinch my nipples." For the first time in months I
started masturbating to that fantasy.

When we sat down for dinner, I could see that man sitting at the other table. I
chose to sit down across from him. Travis chuckled softly and sat down next to
me so not to block his view of me. I bit my lip softly and as I turned to
Travis our gazes crossed. "He's sitting right there," I whispered.

Travis chuckled "I know, you wanted to sit somewhere else and suddenly you
chose that chair. There had to be a reason and then I noticed him to. Why do
you think I sat down here?"

All during dinner I couldn't stop glancing over, it was exciting and scary at
the same time. Here I was sitting in a nice restaurant with my husband while I
was flirting with a stranger at another table. Instead of stopping me it was
like Travis was encouraging me to take a little step further every time. Before
I knew it I bit my nails as I was looking at that man, with the other hand I
caressed my boob with the top of my fingers.

The man was sitting alone at a table for two with his back against the wall. We
were sitting at the table next to his. My back was towards the rest of the
restaurant, all they could see was my back. This little game we played was just
between that stranger and me, much to the enjoyment of Travis. Every time I
looked at him he gestured to look at that stranger.

Just before desert I excused myself because I had to go to the bathroom. I
stepped into the booth and asked myself what the hell I was doing? I stared at
myself as I was washing my hands. I redid my lipstick, touched up my eye
shadow. Just before I left I did something I never thought I would do. I pulled
down my thong and put it in my purse. Walking back inside the restaurant,
knowing full well I was completely naked underneath that dress, really excited
me.

This time I sat down across from Travis, that man was now seated to my left. I
leaned a bit back and arced my back. I turned my head towards him, then the
rest of my body. As I spread my legs my skirt crawled upwards. The man looked
down and smiled. I knew he could see my pussy, sitting there like that exposing
myself to a stranger while my husband was sitting across from me at the table
excited me.

We ordered a nice desert and just before we left I walked passed that man
handing him a note with our cabin number. I looked into his eyes and bit my lip
again. As we slowly made our way back I felt like that man was following us, I
slowed down a little and Travis kept on walking. I slowed down a little more
until that man was right behind me. When he put his arm around my waist I
turned my head towards him and bit my lip.

Travis opened the door to our cabin, sat down on a chair across the room. I
walked in first, turned around and that man walked in behind me. He closed the
door, put his arms around me and we kissed. I was cautious at first, but after
one look at Travis I let go. I opened my mouth and felt his tongue touch mine.
Slowly he unzipped my dress as I pressed my body against his.

I felt myself getting wet, taking a step back as he peeled that tight dress off
off me. There I was standing fully naked in front of a man who's name I didn't
even know and I didn't even care. I pulled up his shirt, revealing his muscular
torso underneath, I softly touched his six pack and kissed him again. My hands
slowly went down until I touched the bulge in his pants. His hands went all
over my body and I moaned loudly.

He started kissing my breasts, biting my nipples and sucking them. I turned
towards Travis and saw he had taken out his cock and playing with it. I went
down on the man, opened up his pants and pulled them down. A massive penis was
straight in my face, I gasped when I saw how big it was. I looked at Travis as
I carefully took in in my hand. I pushed it against my cheek, my lips and
kissed the crown. Softly I licked it. And I did it all so Travis could see.
Then I opened my mouth and took it in. I was sucking a strangers cock right in
front of my husband. I sucked it softly at first, circling my tongue around his
pole. After a few minutes I took it in as deep as it would go, gagging on it.
He placed his hands on my head and pushed it even deeper. I could feel him
going all the way down my throat, my nose was touching he belly, his balls
slapping against my chin.

I gagged once or twice before he pulled out and I could take a deep breath. I
giggled and took his cock deep once again. He pushed it all the way down again
and I loved it. Then he lifted me up, laid me down on the bed and I waved for
Travis to come closer. He took my hand and I stared him in the eyes. "Are you
sure?" I whimpered. He just nodded and whispered "Have fun."

I looked at the man, spread my legs and felt his crown against my vulva. I
looked up at Travis again and moaned as he slowly pushed his dick inside me.
"Oh my God, he's fucking me," I panted, "he's actually fucking me. He goes so
deep, Oh my God, that's deep." Travis just smiled, looked up and said "Fuck her
good, she's earned it."

Travis stepped away and I put my arms around this stranger. "Oh yes," I panted,
"Yes, yes, fuck me." He started to pump and with every thrust I moaned. It felt
so good, I forgot all about Travis watching us, there was just me and this guy
inside me. He started pounding me, all I could do was to tell him to go faster
and harder. I wanted him to hurt me.

After a while he laid down and I got on top of him, my face towards Travis. I
looked straight into my husbands eyes as I felt this strangers cock slide into
me again. I started to bounce, making my boobs dance and panted "This feels so
good. I love this cock. It's bigger than yours, he's really stretching me out."
I watched how Travis started to jerk off. "Oh yes, jerk that tiny cock of yours
and watch how your wife is fucking a real man with a real dick. See how your
wife will come all over this big dick."

I turned around and faced that man again. I arced my back so he could suck on
my boobs. I moved my hips as fast as I could. "Oh yes, yes, almost there. Bite
my nipples, make them hurt. Oh yes, just like that. Bite them harder, harder Oh
yes, just like that. Make them hurt, make them bleed. Oh yes, I'm coming. I'm
coming all over that big dick. Oh yes yes yes YEEEEEESSSSS!" I sagged down
after the orgasm, the combination of the sharp pain from my boobs and the
pleasure from my pussy had made me come like I never had before.

I kissed him again, pressing my open mouth firmly against his, his cock was
twisting and throbbing inside me. I had lost all control over myself and
gyrated my hips while my vagina walls contracted firmly around that strange
cock inside me. I got off him and told him "Now fuck me until you come. I want
you to come deep inside me, I want to feel your cum enter my body. I'm not on
birth-control, but I don't care anymore. I want you to fill me up, make me
pregnant like that loser can't."

The man got on top of me, pushed his rod inside me once more and started
pounding me. I came all over again and again. Then I felt him throb and twitch
harder, his breathing got heavier and with a loud groan he exploded deep inside
my pussy. I felt his cum entering me, I was just so sensitive. When he was
finally done he sagged down on top of me and I put my arms around him. "Thank
you," I whispered.

We laid there for a few minutes before he rolled off off me. We kissed some
more and within minutes he got hard all over again as I was playing with his
cock. I got up and walked towards Travis, sat down on the table and winked the
man over to me. As he got closer I spread my legs and guided that cock inside
me all over again. We had sex multiple times that night, even once outside the
cabin. He came all over me body multiple times after he had filled my vagina
with his cum.

When the sun started rising he got dressed, thanked me and left. I turned to
Travis and said "Come make love to me. I need to feel some love." Travis
pounded me like he had never done before, it was like an animal unleashed. I
came multiple times as he was pounding me, unloading all his cum inside my
pussy. Knowing it was mixing with the seed of a total stranger I cam once more
and had the biggest orgasm I had ever felt.

We fell asleep and a few hours later we woke up when it became to warm to be in
bed. Travis kissed me like he never had kissed me before. "Are you really not
on birth-control?"

I giggled and said "Of course I am. I just wanted him the think I wasn't. I
wanted to humiliate you, somehow that was what got me off. My nipples still
hurt, but it felt so good, the combination between pain and pleasure. I can't
explain."

"You were magnificent. I was so good to see you enjoy yourself. To see you
fully satisfied. I loved every second of it."

"Me too. Come lets take a shower and I'll show you how I sucked him."

We packed a few hours later. Went to the airport and flew home. I felt like a
new woman as I sat there in the plane, feeling this strangers seed still seep
out of me. I felt reborn, totally satisfied and I knew this wouldn't be the
last time.

## Chapter Five
Having my first period after that week in Hawaii was such a relief, but somehow
it felt exciting too. Just the thought I might have gotten pregnant from that
one encounter was an adrenaline rush that lasted multiple days. Of course I
knew the chance was low because I was on birth control, but still there was a
small chance and the thought of being impregnated by someone who's name I
didn't even know was somehow exhilarating.

During the nights I laid in bed alone as Travis was working late, I fantasized
about stop taking the pill and being with another man without any protection.
Even though I never acted upon it I still felt guilty afterwards, so guilty
that I sometimes cried.

Over time we got back in the daily groove. Travis did what he said he would do
and slowed down as he took less cases. The cases he did take were bigger
though, overall he could work less hours. "It's strange," he said, "Now that I
work less hours, somehow I still get more done."

"I guess it's because you're more rested and therefor can concentrate better,"
I replied, "I mean it seems logical to me."

"That might be it, any way I like it."

I did some odd jobs like weddings and even a funeral, something I never want to
do again. I went for a few hikes, took some more landscape photos and sold some
of the via the website. But overall the jobs all but dried up and I was at home
most of the time, getting rather bored.

"I just got a big case," Travis said, "and I might be working late on this
one."

"But you promised to slow down..."

"Yes, but I can't not do this one. This woman is innocent, the jury was hung
during her trial. Still the judge sentenced her to 20 years. God, it's even on
video that she had nothing to do with what happened, she was an innocent
bystander who got caught up in something. She even tried to run away. If I
don't do this one she has to get another public defender and they are so
overworked. I going to do this one pro bono, I just have to."

I smiled at him, again he let his big heart speak and I loved him for it. How
could I deny him that? "I will just try and do something," I replied, "You go
and be the knight in shining armor for her and win this." He hugged me,
whispering how much he loved me.

During the first week he still came home in the evenings, but the closer the
trial was the more time he spent in his office. From the very early morning to
late at night he worked on this case. At first I just stayed at home, got bored
of it really fast and went online to see if there was anything that I could be
doing.

I went exploring the city some more, all I had seen up until then was my
immediate neighborhood and some blocks next to it. For the rest the only thing
I had seen was whatever was visible from the freeway. Driving around was very
interesting as Fort Dix is the biggest city in the country, you could drive for
hours and still be in it.

The first day I drove to the east and it was nice to see the buildings, the
zoning change from the European style I was now so used to, to style used all
over the country. After drying for two hours I parked near a Dollar Store, I
had no clue where I was as I had been driving without my GPS, I just turned
left or right whenever I felt like it.

I went inside the Dollar Store to get myself something to drink and some
snacks. I grabbed a basket and started browsing the store. In the back of the
store they even sold some clothes and I browsed them for a while. On one of the
racks they sold on-size-fits-all dresses for just five dollars each. I grabbed
on of each, even one called a tube dress, a dress without straps.

At some point I passed the shoe section and saw the high heels were on sale,
from 15 for only 5 dollars. I couldn't leave the shoes in my size in the store
and I didn't have many heels and for this kind of money? At the makeup section
I filled my basked even more. When I had to pay I was amazed by how little it
was and promised myself I would be back here someday.

Back in the car I turned on my GPS and stored the location under *cheap ass
store*. I opened a bottle of water and just sat there for a minute looking at
the people coming in and going out. My attention was drawn to one girl passing
by, she was just beautiful. What I did notice was her breasts, they were just
too big and couldn't have been all natural. That being said they looked so nice
on her.

I couldn't help but look down at the pair I had, not that they were small but
they could have been bigger. I had never been that happy with my B-cup breasts,
but never thought about doing something about enlarging them. I decided to look
into that someday.

When I got back home again I tried on the dresses I had bought, combining them
with the new heels. Looking at myself in the mirror I liked what I saw. "If I
had bigger mamas it would look even better," I thought and tried to imagine
myself with bigger breasts. After I had put on that tube dress I decided to
keep it on as it felt so comfortable. The clacking of my heals on our hard
wooden floor excited me.

I pretended to be in a bar, chatting with all kinds of people. "You want to
touch them?" I said out loud, "You can if you want to. Ah, don't mind him, he's
just my husband. He loves to see me like this. What? Sure, you can lick them.
Oh yes, sucking them is even better. See that Travis? This nice black man is
sucking your wife's breasts."

I blushed and giggled a little. In the kitchen I made myself a cup of coffee
and sat down on our balcony as the weather was so nice. As I sat there, feeling
the sun on my skin, something came over me. I checked the nearest balconies and
when I saw they were empty I pulled down the top of my dress. Sitting there
topless felt so good, hearing the people down on the street knowing they could
see me if they looked up was very exciting. It only lasted for a minute or two,
I giggled and covered myself again.

I wondered what had come over me, this wasn't how I was raised. I was a good
Catholic girl when I was young and now? Now I had slept with a man who's name I
didn't even know and my husband had watched me do it. How had I become so
corrupted? And was it really that wrong when I had liked doing it? Was my
mother right, had I stepped onto that slope going down? I had to stop thinking
like this.

To stop the thoughts I turned on the TV, the anchor of the news was talking
about something boring and I wasn't really paying attention to it. Not until I
heard "Union Street clean up has started this morning at 6AM. In a surprise
raid 30 women were picked up for soliciting sex. During the raid three
potential clients were arrested too. The locals had been complaining about
street prostitution for years and now authorities have taken action."

I turned around and saw police officers round up dozens of girls, my heart
stopped when I saw that girl from the parking lot the other day. I recognized
her immediately, her head was bowed down but her chest area made me sure it was
the same girl.

The reporter continued "Concerned residents are now saying that they are afraid
the disturbance will simply move to another street. 'That what happened last
time' a woman interviewed said, 'and it got worse. These girls have to make
money somehow and they will just go somewhere else.'" I knew in my gut she was
right, this wasn't a solution. These girls needed help to get out of that
lifestyle, they needed someone to speak for them. I also knew it couldn't be
me, they needed someone with the same skin color to speak for them, to empower
them.

I went online to read more about it. Union Street was near the Dollar Store I
had visited the other day, just a few blocks separated them. On Google Maps I
saw that it was a desolate place, lot's of condemned houses and just very few
street lights. I couldn't imagine myself walking those streets at night, let
alone *work* them.

That evening I got in my car and drove back to that neighborhood. My heart was
racing all the time as it wasn't particularly safe. I drove along Union Street
and it was as scary as I imagined. I just kept on driving, hoping no one would
see that there was a woman behind the wheel. I turned left at the end of the
street and it was even more desolate there. As quick as I could I took another
right into a street with more lights, more buildings, less desolate.

To my surprise I saw two or three girls walking up and down the street. Their
appearance made clear to me why the were there. I parked my car such that I
could watch them through the windshield of my car. I was in a dark spot just to
make sure they couldn't see me. Just sitting there already was very exciting, I
kept looking over my shoulders to see if anyone was approaching my car.

After a few minutes a car turned onto the street, passing the girls slowly,
took a right turn and disappeared. A few minutes later there it was again. This
time he stopped near one of the girls, who walked up to it, bend over and it
seemed they talked for a while. Then she got into the car and they drove off.

I resisted the urge to follow them, it was simply none of my business. I did
hope she would be safe, but that was all I could do. A van stopped on that
street and a group of girls got out of the back. As soon as the back doors
closed the van drive off and the girls stepped up on the sidewalk. Not there
were 12 or 13 of them walking up and down that sidewalk. All dressed for the
occasion, showing of their *wares*.

More and more cars passed them, some even stopped and girls got into them. One
after the other got in and drove off. After about 10 minutes the first care
came back and the girl stepped out. Before she could even close the door the
car sped off, I could see her flipping him off for that. "You show him, girl" I
thought.

I kept watching them for a few more minutes before I felt to unsafe. I started
the car and drove away. The whole time back to the apartment I kept thinking of
these girls. What made them do this? How would it feel to be on that sidewalk?
Was it strange for me wanting to try it? Just to see how it would feel. "No
Laura," I scolded myself, "You can't think this way. What they are doing is
wrong and against the law."

For the next couple of days I couldn't stop thinking about what I had seen. I
wanted to talk to them, understand why they were doing this. Were they forced?
Did they choose this life? Did some of them even enjoy it? So many questions.
"It could be a nice project," I thought, "Maybe even some photos. Not to
embarrass them or judge them, but show the human side of it. To show the world
these girls where human too, with problems and insecurities."

I fully well understood it to be very dangerous and I could be arrested for
solicitation, even though I wouldn't be there for it. I decided to talk to the
police first, to let them know I was planning to do this. Just so they could
have a record of me telling them why I would be there.

The next day I went to the police department and asked if I could talk to
someone higher up. "Why do you want to talk to our lieutenant?" the officer
asked. "That will be between the lieutenant and me," I replied, "And according
to your statues, article 12, subsection b you can't deny my request and I don't
have to explain my reasons to you."

"Ah, you are one of those."

"One of who?"

"Auditors, sovereign citizens, you pick one."

"No, I am not. My husband is a lawyer and I just looked it up. As your statues
are available on your website." I replied.

"Sure, and who is your husband?"

"Travis Willingham, you might know him."

"Willingham, you mean that guy who just got our suspect released? That
Willingham?"

"I am sure he had his reasons," I replied, "And yes that Willingham."

"I will be right back, please wait here."

I sat down on one of the chairs in the lobby. I wasn't doing anything out of
the ordinary. The officer returned and said "Sorry ma'am, but you will have to
come with me."

"What for?"

"You are under arrest."

"Under arrest? For what?"

"I believe you are under the influence of alcohol and I saw you drive up. So we
would like to do a sobriety test."

"Not without my lawyer" I got my phone out of my purse and the officer just
grabbed it from me.

"No phone calls. You are under arrest, ma'am," he replied. "Please come with
me."

"Give me back my phone," I said sternly, "You can't ask me questions as I've
asked for my lawyer."

"This phone is confiscated, ma'am. Standard police procedure."

"This is ridiculous. Are you going to get me my lawyer? His phone number is in
my phone, under husband."

"I can't do that ma'am, not without a warrant."

"So you admit there is no warrant. Well, I will not say another word until my
lawyer gets here."

"That's your right, ma'am. Now please come with me or I will use force to move
you."

I just looked at him, said nothing. He then grabbed me, pushed me against the
wall and handcuffed me. I was placed into a small room and thrown onto a chair.
He left locking the door behind him. After I don't know how long another
officer walked in. She sat down across from me and started the interrogation.

"What is your name, ma'am?"

"Lawyer. L A W Y E R."

"What is your name?"

"Lawyer."

"If you don't coopporate this will only last longer. That's on you then. Again
what is your name?"

"Lawyer."

She got up and just before she closed the door I heard her say "She's not going
to break --". This was retaliation, I thought. Nothing but retaliation, but
there was nothing they could have against me. I was arrested for being under
the influence but they didn't run any tests. Travis had taught me well and I
didn't say anything but "Lawyer, I want my lawyer."

I must have been there for a few hours when the door swung open and a very
angry Travis Willingham stormed in. "You arrested my wife? On what grounds? How
long is she here? I'm her lawyer and her husband, that makes me double legible
to see her. To see if she's alright. What? The sue me. See if you will win that
case. And can someone please take off these cuffs? If these cuffs aren't off
her in the next 15 seconds I will sue this department, you can be sure of that?
And if you didn't realize, I usually win my cases."

He turned to me and said "Are you alright?"

"Could be better."

A woman in a white uniform walked in. "What the hell did you people do? And why
wasn't I informed. Release this woman immediately! I will get to the bottom of
this. We don't do this anymore! This practice has been banned and you are all
on report! Every single one of you. I don't want to hear it, get out of my
sight."

When she turned to me her face went soft and warm. "I am so sorry, ma'am. I was
not informed you were here. These men did not follow procedure and any
litigation that follows will be your full right to do so."

"Oh you can be sure of that."

After she had removed the cuffs, I rubbed my wrists and said to Travis "No, let
it go. I don't want to cause any problems."

"That's nice to hear," the officer said, "Lieutenant Ball, at your service
ma'am."

"Nice to meet you, officer Ball. As I said I am not here to cause any problems.
I just wanted to talk to you, but I am afraid that your officers will retaliate
because of this."

"Oh, I will make sure you are not to be touched. And if they do they better
have a damn good reason and hard evidence against you."

"That's fair," I replied.

"Why were you here?" Travis asked.

"Are those camera's recording?" I asked.

"They better be," officer Ball said, "let me check." She went out the room and
returned a few minutes later. "Now that was quite the coincidence, somehow it
stopped recording about four hours ago. Right after they put you in this room.
Strange."

"Thanks. I want there to be a record and a recording. Now that my lawyer is
here it's even better. Would you mind me recording this as well? Just to be
safe."

"No, go right ahead. It's well within your rights." officer Ball responded.

"Than I will need my phone. They confiscated it and I don't know where it is."

"What? Oh no," officer Ball rose up, stormed out and I looked at Travis.

"So sorry," I said, "I didn't mean for this to happen. I just wanted to talk to
her about something."

"First this department was known to be retaliatory. Officer Ball was put here
to end it. She's been doing a great job, but there are still a few who can't
shake off the past. But why are you here?"

"That will become clear in a minute, honey. Thank you for coming."

"Always," he replied as officer Ball entered the room.

"They were actually trying to get in. Without a warrant! They just wanted some
information, they said. Well, here you are ma'am." I handed my phone to Travis
and asked him to record us. When he said he was ready I turned towards officer
Ball.

"Now I saw the report on Union Street, the one where you rounded up all the
girls? I am an independent photographer and was looking for a long term project
to do. I haven't told my husband yet because I got this idea this morning and
we hadn't seen each other until just yet. Well, the idea is that I want to
interview and maybe even photograph these girls. To find out why they are
there? What made them choose this life? And through the photos show their human
side. In all the news reports they are made out the be these evil girls, but
there has to be another side to this. These are women with their own problems,
their own insecurities. I want to find out who they really are. Do they have
families? Kids? How do they live? And if they are forced can we find a way out
of that lifestyle?"

"Ah I see," officer Ball responded, "and why this conversation."

"Because I wanted a record of me being here. Telling someone why I was there
in case it is needed. To let someone know that I am not there to prostitute
myself. That I am there to document these girls and what happens to them, about
their lives."

"I understand," she replied, "But it is my duty to tell you, as I will do with
any journalist who comes to me, that it can be very dangerous and we can't be
there all the time to protect you."

"I am well aware of that, but thank you for the warning. I know it can be
dangerous. I am willing to take that risk. Now, we still have to talk, my
husband and I, so I can't say that I am going to do this. But just in case I
do, I wanted to make sure there was an official record of me coming here before
I started."

"That was very wise of you," officer Ball responded, "I can see where you got
this from. Mr Willingham is a skilled lawyer and we will have our disputes in
court. And that is where they will stay. I don't hold any grudges against you,
Mr Willingham."

"Neither do I. If it hadn't been for my wife, I would be back in my office
drafting a suit against this department."

"Then it's a good thing she is here. Well, Mrs Willingham --"

"Davis, I go by my maiden name. Laura Davis."

"Hey don't look at me," Travis interrupted, "But it takes a lot of people to
change her mind."

Officer Ball chuckled. "Okay than, Miss Davis. I will make an official report
of this. I will also include the recorded section of this part of your visit.
You have your own recording and I will concede right now that this evidence is
admissible in court. I just want you to really understand how dangerous this
can be. Not only the guns, or the girls themselves. It wouldn't be the first
time a woman like you would get abducted. I need you to really understand
that."

"I do. Thanks for the warning again. I fully understand the risks."

As we walked outside one of the officers thew me a dirty look, something that
didn't pass Travis. "You are so lucky she doesn't press charges. I would have
had you badge. You should thank her for it." The officer didn't respond at all
and we just left.

We drove straight home where we had a serious talk about it. Travis couldn't
understand why I wanted to put myself in so much danger. "I was just there to
speak with Ball, I didn't know I was in danger."

"I'm not talking about the police. Ah, you know what I meant."

"I did and please Travis. Work has been slow the past few weeks and I am so
bored. This idea is a very long term project, something I could work on for
years. If only I could get to know a few of these girls. I could visit them at
home, during the day and talk to them. They are still human beings, with
feelings and I just want to understand why they chose to do what they do. Maybe
some photographs, maybe a book or something. I want to show they are still
humans, still people with their own problems."

"I can understand that," he said, "But there has to be a safer way."

"Like what?"

"I don't know. Maybe the church over their has a program or they know of one.
Talk to them first, maybe they can help so this is as safe as possible. If you
just go out there at who knows what hour of the night I am scared what might
happen to you. I'm not against this project at all. I just don't want to see
you get hurt."

"That's an excellent idea. Why didn't I think of that?"

"What is?"

"That church thing. God, why didn't I get that? Thank you so much, for rescuing
me and supporting me in this."

"Always, but I didn't say I supported this, did I?"

"You said you weren't against this project."

"So I did, so I did."

The very next day I walked into the church near Union Street. A pastor walked
up to me "Welcome, welcome, can I be off assistance? I am afraid we don't have
any services today."

"That okay father. I not here to receive communion. I am here for some
information."

"Ah, come my child. We can sit over here."

We sat down in one of the pews and I was amazed by how quiet the church was. I
hardly could hear the traffic outside. "Well father, I am here to get some
information about the girls who work here at night. I am looking for a way in
so I can talk to them. I am an independent photographer and I saw the report
the other day how they got arrested. I want to learn who they are? Give them
back some humanity, so to say."

"Ah, yes. It's a big problem in these parts. Some of them don't have any
chances. They leave school early, work some job, get pregnant and fired. They
try to survive in any way they can. Some start stripping and one thing leads to
the other. Some start out on the streets. The worst are the girls who are
trafficked. They are smuggled in from countries far away and to repay them they
are forced to do this. But no matter how much they earn, all they can pay is
the so called interest. The base amount still is the same. They have no way out
of this and most of them resort to something drastic. Almost all of them are
addicted which makes the need for cash even worse."

"I thought as much. Is there someone who's helping them, a program or the
sorts?"

"Well, we have an outreach, but they need to come in voluntarily. We help those
who want us to help them. It's so hard to reach the poor women who are forced
to do this. The moment they stop working they are rounded up like cattle and
brought somewhere I am sure is horrible."

"I understand, so there is no program you know of that actually is out there."

"Let me think. Oh yes, Miss Johnson and Mr O'Brien are doing something. But
they are helping the homeless too, not just these girls. Maybe you could get
into contact with them. Wait, I must have some information on how to contact
them."

He walked off and I looked around the church. It was so beautiful and peaceful
in there. I watched an older woman come in, make cross and sit down in one of
the pews. She wore a scarf to cover her hair and it looked like she was
praying.

The father returned and in a softer voice he said "Here you are my child. Bless
you for doing this."

"Thank you father." I made a slight bow and walked outside as quiet as I could.
I didn't want to disturb that woman. Once in my car I dialed the number on the
paper I had received.

"Hello," a female voice said, "You've reached Nighthawk outreach. We are not in
right now. Please leave a message or call back --" the message was interrupted
by the same voice."

"Hello, just hold please. How do I stop this goddamn machine? Stop already. No
I don't want you to record a message. Ah, hello? This is Ashley, how can I
help?"

"Yes, hello. Oh man, I have to adjust for a minute I was prepared to leave a
message. But well, this is better. Hi. My name is Laura."

"Hi Laura, how can I help you? Need condoms? Food? Fresh needles? Do you know
where we are? I can give you directions. No questions asked. Just come by and
we will help you in any way we can."

"No, nothing like that. But it's nice to hear how you help people. Is there a
chance I could come by?"

"Sure, 21st and Amherst. There is a huge banner outside. Just walk in, all are
welcome. We are here to help you in any way we can? Need to talk?"

I could hear she was in her helping mode and so I just said "Yes, I need to
talk."

"Okay, I will be waiting. Just ask for me, Ashley. See you soon I hope and
please do. It can all be better if you let us help you."

Fifteen minutes later I parked my car just outside a tall building. According
to the old paint it used to be some sort of factory. Now there was a huge
banner reading "Nighthawk Outreach. Non-profit organization since 1986." I got
out of the car and a bit nervous opened the door. Inside it was very
comfortable and the walls were painted in warm shades of reds and oranges. To
my left was a booth with one of those hotel bells you could ring. To the right
was an open door to a room that was decorated like a living room. A man was
sitting there watching TV. It was clear he was used to living on the streets.

I rang the bell and the man looked over his shoulder to me. "Can I help you?"
he said. I took a few steps forward so he could properly see me. "Maybe. I was
told to ask for Ashley?"

"Oh, she just stepped out for a minute. Wanted to get some groceries. Please
sit down, get a load off. I won't bite." He had a raspy voice, either from
smoking or drinking too much, maybe even both. "Want to see something else?" he
continued, "this is boring any way."

I shook my head. "I am Laura," I carefully said, "What's your name?"

"They all call me Springboard, but Larry is my real name."

"Why Springboard?"

"Because I fell on one one day. Ripped my head right open. I had been sleeping
in one of these buildings over there. I knew it was condemned, but at least I
had a roof over my head. Well, I woke up real early as it was so cold. I fell
through a hole and landed on that board. If someone hadn't heard me fall I
would have died. But I didn't and ever since then they call me Springboard, or
Spring for short."

"But Larry is even shorter?"

He started to laugh and cough. "That it is, ma'am. That is is."

"Oh Laura, please."

"No ma'am. I was in the military once, marine corps. I was taught to be
respectful."

"Al right, thank you for your service. Can I ask what happened to you?"

"Oh, that's a long story. Let's just say I made some wrong choices, drank too
much. I never did anything criminal, never. Just the wrong personal choices,
you know."

"I understand."

"Ah I see you've met Larry." A voice sounded from behind me. A woman with long
blonde curly hair walked in. Her arms filled with a big paper bag full of
groceries. "Please be a dear Larry and put this away." Larry got up, took the
bag from Ashley and said "Sempre Fi, consider it done."

"Hi, I'm Ashley. Did you call earlier?" I nodded and she continued "Well, there
are always surprises they say. What can I do for you?"

I told her about my idea and she listened to me. She just let me talk until I
was finished and when I was done she said "Ah, yes. We do have contact with
them. They trust us and I don't want to do anything to betray that trust. Are
you a police officer or have any connection to law enforcement?"

"No, my husband is a lawyer and the police doesn't seem to really like him."

"Who does?" Ashley chuckled.

"Well, I do. At least one or I wouldn't have married him."

"Touche. Do you have any intentions to use the information you get against
these people?"

"No, I want to show them as humans. In these reports they are always shown as
being the bad guys, evil people. I want to talk to them. To see why they are
doing this. Show their human side. That's all. And if they agree I would love
to take some pictures of them. If they have kids to show them for the mothers
who they are. Fighting to survive, to help their children."

"Are you willing to sign a waver so when you do use any of the information we
or any of the people we serve provide you against them, we can take legal
action against you or the people you represent?"

"My husband is going to kill me for this, but yes."

Ashley chuckled again "I am sorry, but I do have to ask these questions. It's
mandatory by law. Follow me, once you've signed the waver we can continue."

We went into a small office at the end of the hall. We passed another open
door, this time to the kitchen. "Come on now Larry, don't eat all of it now.
Those were meant for dinner." Ashley said as she walked into the kitchen. "It's
always the same with you. Please get out and go watch TV."

When she came back she said "Larry, he got hit real bad in Iraq. Never the same
when he got back. Ended up in the streets. But he has a kind heart, with the
brain of a five year old."

We went into the office where she handed me the waver. I quickly read through
it and signed. "Here you are. I am officially dead now when my husband hears of
this."

"Well, I won't tell him."

"I will," I said, "We do not have any secrets from each other. Not one."

"Are you sure about that?"

"Yes, why?"

"So he knows you are here?"

"Not really no, but I will tell him later."

"Ah, so no secrets at all? I am just curious. It was the way you said it. I
don't know it just struck me."

"Well, we don't. We did once, before we moved here. We both had very busy jobs,
you know the ones where you hardly see each other anymore. Well when I quit my
job, long story, we went through a bit of a hard patch. Let's just say we
talked and some things happened. Now we trust each other blindly."

"Wow, may I ask what happened?"

"Let's just say we opened our marriage for some outside interactions."

"Outside interactions? With people, you mean? With other men?"

"Yes, with other men. Or just one man, until now. It had been a fantasy of mine
for I don't know how long."

"Really? And he didn't mind?"

"Oh no, he encouraged it. Somehow it just happened, it wasn't planned or
anything."

"I could never do that."

"That's what I told myself. It still happened, not going to lie."

"Wow, sorry for asking. But I like to get to know people. I am just so
interested in their stories. That's what made me want to do this."

"Who started this?"

"Oh, Liams father. His daughter lost herself in drugs and they did everything
to safe her. But she kept falling back. On the streets she was known as
Nighthawk, because she only came out in the dark. She was murdered in 1985, a
year later he started this. We've moved three times now."

"Sad story. How did you get involved?"

"I met Liam in college, we became friends and I started helping. We've been
married for almost 10 years now."

"What was her real name?"

"Donna, Donna O'Brien. She was just 19 years old."

"19? God, that must have been hard."

"Yes, imagine losing your wife and then within two years losing your daughter
like this. They got into a car accident and Donna blamed herself for it. She
always said 'If I hadn't shouted she could have seen that car.' But it wasn't
her fault. The other car ignored a red light and was driving fast. Only Donna
survived, her mother was killed on impact. So was the driver."

"Wow, what a story. Well, to nighthawk and may she rest in peace."

"Thank you. But don't tell Liam I told you. He likes to tell it himself. It's
his way of remembering her and keeping her alive."

"It will be the first time I hear it."

Ashley chuckled and said "Somehow I like you. I don't know why but I do. I
think this might even work. You need to be straight forward with these girls,
prove you have nothing to hide. And please, only talk to the girls I give you.
The others might be severely punished if they are seen talking to you."

"Okay, is their any way we can rescue them?"

"Not if we don't want to betray their trust. The only thing we can do is to
encourage them to go to the church. The pastor will shelter them and help them.
But it's so hard for them to get there. The moment they try there is always
someone to bring them right back. You will not see them but they will be there
keeping an eye on these girls, trust me on that one."

We started handing out packages containing a blanket, a toothbrush, toothpaste
and other toiletries. I handed them a bag with four sandwiches and a bottle of
water. "Leave the needles to Ashley," Liam had said on our way over, "She's a
registered nurse and can spot when the need to see a doctor. Every Thursday
three of them are available for them at the outreach, for free. The hard part
is getting to actually do it."

We stopped on a corner and we all got into the back of the van. "Remember no
questions," Liam said once more before he opened the back doors. I couldn't
believe how many already had lined up. We had just gotten there. Where did they
all come from?

We started handing out the packages and I kept saying "Hi, I'm Laura. I'm here
to help.", just like Ashley had told me. The homeless were just grateful for
what we gave them, the girls however all were suspicious of me. They hardly
looked at me or with fear in their eyes. "Hi, I'm Laura. I'm here to help." was
all I could say. They just kept coming, one after the other.

"I'm running out," I whispered. Liam pointed to another box. "There" was all he
said. I opened the box and handed out food once more. My heart broke when a
girl no older than 16 or 17 walked up. Liam handed her the package and asked
her "How many?" She didn't look up as she said "24" Liam handed her strips of
condoms. I handed her some food and a bottle. Without even looking at us she
ran away, disappeared in an alley.

Seeing her was just too much for me to bare, I had to step out for a moment. I
turned my back to the van and cried. I couldn't believe how many people were
dependent on what the outreach did here. And than that girl? It was all so sad
and here I was, the woman from the rich part of town who just wanted to talk to
them. Talking to them wasn't enough, I needed to help them. Help that girl.

On our way back Liam said "Good work, the both of you. Good work. I saw it got
to you, Laura. It's good that you stepped away. The day I don't care anymore is
they day I will quit doing this. It's hard, we all know. But thank you for
this, you did a good thing today."

"I can't stop thinking about that girl. 24 condoms? How long will those last
her?"

"About a day, or two" Ashley answered.

"Two days?"

"Sad but true," Liam said as he turned the corner, "She's the one I want to
reach. She reminds me of my sister. But she can't be reached right now. She has
closed the world off, she's in her own world now and all we can do is wait and
help her the best we can."

"Do you know her name?"

"No, as said: we don't ask questions. If they want to talk they all know where
they can find us. All we can do is wait." Ashley replied, "That's the hardest
thing to do, but the only way to do it. Trust us. In all the time we are doing
this we learned a lot, mostly on how *not* to do this." I nodded, but that girl
just kept haunting me.

When I got home Travis was cooking dinner. "Hey," he said, "no clients today.
So I thought I come home early."

"I'm so happy to see you," I said as I put my arms around him, "I did one of
the hardest things in my live today. We handed out care packages, food and
condoms today. There was a huge line that didn't seem to end. I have no idea
where they all came from. Then there was this little girl, no older than 16
maybe. She needed 24 condoms, Travis, 24. And when I asked Liam how long they
would last he said 'a day or two'. Two days! Can you believe that?"

"Yes, the young girls are big business. Sorry for my choice of words. These
bastards want to get them as young as possible. Some through charming them,
giving them kids, grooming them. Others are smuggled in. It's horrible."

"But I am so happy to do this," I said, "It's hard but good work. These people
need us, need someone they can trust. Who won't rat them out to law
enforcement. And, oh yes, I signed a waver so I could help them."

"You did what? A waver? Without consulting me? Oh well, your funeral." he said
as he kissed me "Dinner is ready, come."

"Aren't you mad?"

"No, why should I? I can see how passionate you are about this and that's so
nice to see. You should continue this path and I would love to meet them one
day. Maybe I can offer my services too, you know pro bono."

"That's a great idea," I blurted out, "I will ask them to dinner this weekend.
It will have to be a bit early though. They need to be out there at 11PM."

"Why don't we just go there this Saturday? I would love to see the place."

"Deal."

That Saturday we went to the outreach. I showed Travis around and he seemed
fairly impressed. Liam came out of the office and I introduced Travis to him.

"So what do you do?" Liam asked

"I'm a lawyer," Travis replied.

"So you are talking to the police then."

"Well, yes. How will I hold them accountable if I don't?"

Ashley walked in and she shook his hand. "Wait, are you *the* Willingham? The
one that got Renata off? You are, aren't you?"

"Yes, all she needed was a devoted lawyer and I was more than happy to be that
one for her."

Ashley turned to Liam "If you ever want to trust a lawyer, you can trust this
one." Liam just stared at Travis as if he was still making up his mind.
