# How I became a hot wife
by Transgirl, 2022

#### preamble
_This story is totally fictional. Any resemblance to a person, living or dead,
is purely coincidental._


## Chapter One
The music was loud, I could feel the beats in my stomach. It had been years
since I had been in a club like this and I felt a little out of place. Not that
I was the oldest one there, far from it, the last time I was in a club like
this I was still single and trying my best to look attractive to the other sex.
But I had been married to a man who I loved for almost five years now. Like
with all marriages ours had become stale, a rut. We had been together for
almost four years, living together for almost two before he asked me to marry
him.

At first it was exciting, exhilarating, then he got a very demanding job,
hardly was home and when he was he simply was too tired to do anything else but
sit on that couch, watching TV. Whenever I saw him laying there I felt sorry
for him and angry at him at the same time. He loved his job, it was everything
he always wanted, but to what cost? It was ruining our marriage.

Then he got promoted, told me everything would be better as he would have more
time to spend at home. Nothing was further from the truth. It was expected off
him to spend time at the golf club, _networking_ they called it. At some point
he only came home to eat and sleep, it was like I was running a hotel with just
one guest. Sure he was happy and all, but I wasn't. I wanted him to spend some
time with me, to be that boy again I fell for all those years ago.

One day it just got too much for me, I couldn't take it anymore. I was done
being his maid and I just cooked dinner for myself. By the time he got home he
didn't even check the fridge if there was any dinner, he just said "Hey, no
dinner?" I exploded, told him how I felt. Everything came out and I mean
everything. When I was done I shouted "No, don't say a word. Not a word. I do
not want to hear it. No more excuses. This is about me this time. I am lonely
in what should be a loving marriage. You can sleep anywhere you want, but not
in my bed!" I ran upstairs, fell on the bed crying.

The next morning the house was empty, I looked everywhere only to find out he
had been sleeping in the guest bedroom. He didn't even make the bed before he
left. It was a long, hard day for me. All I could think about was confronting
him when he got home, we needed to sit down and talk. About our future, about
everything. The later it got the more anxious I became and by the time I heard
him park the car outside I was shaking.

He didn't say a word when he came in, he just saw me sitting at the kitchen
table, got himself something to drink and sat down across from me. We sat there
in silence for a few minutes, the tension between us was so tight you could
almost cut it with a knife. It was up to me to start talking.

"We need to talk," I whispered with a broken voice as I was holding back the
tears the best I could.

"We sure do," he replied, "I thought we both were happy. I really did."

"Well, one of us is," I replied, "and it isn't me."

We were silent for another minute or two. "Aren't you going to say anything?"
he asked me, "I've been thinking about this all day, even my boss asked me what
was wrong. When I told him I had some issues at home, he sent me home. Go talk
to her, he said. But I don't know what the problem is."

"That's exactly it," I almost shouted, "You're so blind that you don't even see
that. When was the last time you took me to dinner? Or a movie? When was the
last time we did anything together? Huh? Tell me. When?"

"We went out two weeks ago," he replied.

"And where did we go?" I got more and more angry by the minute, was he really
this blind? "We went to a dinner party organized by your boss. You had a
wonderful time talking to your colleagues, your bosses and clients. I didn't
know anyone there. I sat on a chair in the corner all night, you didn't even
bring me a drink. I had one wine, ONE WINE that evening. The only time you
talked to me was to tell me we were going home. You talked about how nice it
had been, all the way home. You never asked me how it had been, not even once."

"Is that true? I thought I saw you talking to Madeline. Weren't you talking to
her?"

"Oh you mean that moment when she came up to me to ask me if I wanted something
to eat? Or that time when she offered me another wine? She was hosting the
party, that's what a hostess does. She mingles, talks to everybody, makes sure
they all have something to eat or drink. For the rest I was on my own. Those
women were talking about going to the spa or having their nails done. You know
I'm not like that, you know that I'm not that kind of girl. You always said
that's what attracted you to me."

"It still is," he replied.

I lowered my voice and said "Then show it. Not just tell me you love me, show
it to me. I feel like I mean nothing to you anymore, that I'm just _arm candy_,
someone who makes you dinner and cleans the house. I need to know you still
love me."

He leaned forward and I saw tears in his eyes. "Oh Laura, I am so sorry I hurt
you. I never meant to hurt you, I really thought you were happy too. What can I
do to fix this? Please tell me, I am at a loss here."

"I think we need some counseling," I said, "I really think we need some help.
Because I am so scared that if we don't we will be back here any time soon.
Will you go to therapy for us? You told me once you would do anything to have
me by your side, then you asked me to marry you." I felt the tears rolling down
my cheeks as I remembered that night when he proposed to me, it was one of the
best nights of my life.

"If that's what you want, that's what we'll do," he said with determination in
his voice. That was just another thing he had to prove to me, he had broken to
many promises by now.

"Just one more thing," I whispered, "and please be honest with me. I need to
know you're telling me the truth. Is there someone else?"

"What!" he blasted, "I cannot believe you would ask me something like that! No,
there isn't anybody else. I've never even thought about something like that.
Not once, not since the moment we first met. You are the one for me, Laura, the
only one for me."

I started crying "That's what I wanted to hear. Sorry for asking but I just had
to know, to see your reaction. I am so sorry!"

We hugged and he told me he understood why I asked. "I guess all kinds of
scenarios went through your head all the time you were alone. I accept your
apology and thank you for still trusting me." I trusted Travis with my life,
never ever did I not trust him. That trust just had taken some blows and it was
near breaking, but it never did.

The first time we had a session with Julie, our marriage counselor, I was sure
he wasn't going to show up. He had told me he was coming straight out of work
and it was almost time. Mere seconds before she called us in he ran into her
office. "So sorry, there was a huge accident on Lincoln. I was stuck there for
almost twenty minutes. I tried to reach you." I looked on my phone and saw all
the messages he had left. "Oh, I am so sorry. I turned off the sound as not to
disturb anyone here. I am so sorry."

The sessions with Julie did miracles for us. The first few sessions were just
telling each other how we felt and what we wanted from our marriage, we learned
to be open and honest to each other, not to hold anything back anymore. We
implemented a safe zone in our house, the kitchen table. Whenever either one of
us needed to talk we sat down there, told each other that it was a safe spot to
talk and opened up.

Julie gave us practical guides on how to implement a lot of things to make our
marriage better, the best one she gave us was _date night_. "Just pick a day,
any day. That day will be just for the two of you. Travis, you block that day
in your agenda at work. No more calls after let's say two in the afternoon.
When the clock strikes two, you are out of there. It's time to spend with your
wife. Go shopping with her, do the things she likes to do and share with you."

"Can it be three?" Travis asked with a slight smile.

"You can pick any time you want, but you have to abide by it. No more staying
late that day, no more excuses. Anything that has to be done after that time
can either wait or be done by someone else. The company will not go bust
because you took some time off to spend with your wife."

Travis turned to me and said "How about Thursdays? That way I can still finish
anything before the weekend on Friday." I just nodded okay. He turned to Julie
and said "I will block everything on Thursdays after three o'clock. That would
mean I could be home at half past three at the latest."

"Just make sure you keep that promise," Julie said sternly, "I've done this
with many couples and all of them said it was the best thing they ever did. The
people at their jobs now know not the bother them at those times. And another
thing, you will notice that it will relax you too. You two can do anything you
want during that time, just make sure you spend it together."

The first Thursday I couldn't wait for him to come home at half past three and
when he didn't show up in time I was sure he was breaking another promise. I
checked my phone to see he hadn't even called to say he was late. I felt myself
getting angry at him. That all melted like snow for the sun when he finally
walked in the door. He was wearing a tuxedo and had a clothes bag in his hand.

"Sorry I'm late, but I had to wait for the cleaners to finish this. Please take
it, prepare yourself. We're going out."

"Where?" I asked him but he wouldn't tell me. I took a quick shower, did my
hair and makeup, opened up the bag and gasped. It was a beautiful dress, just
like the one I wore when we got married. When I finally walked in the living
room, he knelt and handed me a corsage. "Laura Davis. I've neglected you for
far too long and I take all the blame. I am so happy you were willing to fight
for us and I have one little question for you. Will you marry me again?"

I started crying and nodded yes. I hugged him, kissed him and shouted "Yes,
yes, I will marry you again." We got into our car and drove to a small church
nearby. To my utter surprise he had invited my family over and we renewed our
vows together in front of them all. It was one of the best things he had ever
done for me. It was so magical and wonderful I fell in love all over again.
This was the man I loved, the caring, loving man.

Another thing Julie told us was to really be open and honest with each other,
which included our deepest, darkest fantasies. "Only when you share everything
with each other you will know how much you can trust each other." she said.
"That way," she said, "you can try and find ways to satisfy those fantasies.
You could role play for instance or maybe even try them for real. This isn't
easy, I know, just take it slow at first. Baby steps."

That was easier said than done, it meant really opening up and telling each
other what our sexual fantasies were. To get some more information I looked
online for help. I read stories about how good it had been for relationships,
but also that it had ruined others. One woman told how she discovered he had
rape fantasies, violent rape fantasies. She divorced him just months later
after which he acted upon his fantasy and brutally raped a young woman who
barely survived.

Reading all those stories made me afraid of what was to come, I totally didn't
want to do this. It's normal to have some secrets, I thought. I also knew
Travis really was into it and, like Julie said, we both needed to make
sacrifices to make our marriage work. Until then he had made the most, it was
time for me to make some too.

"So how will we do this?" Travis asked and I had no clue on how to start or
even where to start. We had been together for so long and I thought I knew how
to please him.

"I have no idea, let me just say that I would like to be charmed. Not just go
upstairs, do it and continue with the rest of the day. I like it to mean
something, I want to make love not just have sex."

"Ah, like that night when we renewed our vows. You were feisty that night."

"Yeah," I blushed, "like that. You made love to me that night, we both made
love. It meant something."

"That was a great night," he smiled and I couldn't help but giggle.

"Yes it was. Almost as good as when we did it for the first time. Remember? In
that stupid one bedroom apartment of yours. With those stupid football posters
on the wall, it felt like we were being watched all the time."

"Yeah, the walls were like paper there. I am sure everybody heard us."

I started to giggle again "Maybe that's what made it so exciting. I had never
felt like that with anyone before. I always thought it was you, but maybe the
fact we could be heard added something to it."

"Wait. What are you telling me here. Do you like it when there is some risk of
getting caught?"

I blushed, looked at him with my head slightly turned downwards and whispered
"Maybe."

"Wait a second. You are telling me that you, Laura Davis the most prudish girl
I know, secretly likes it when she could be caught doing it?"

"I not prudish," I replied, "just a little conservative maybe."

"You didn't deny the other thing I said, did you?"

"No, I didn't."

"So every time I wanted to -- _have_ you, I could have? Like that time we went
to the _Pussycat Dolls_? I wanted you so much that night."

"If you had made a move I might have responded." I said with a red face.

"Oh my god, now you tell me."

I giggled and said "Yes, it's always been a fantasy of mine. I'm just to scared
to actually do it. Sometimes I fantasize we're in public when were in bed
together."

"You do?"

"Yes, it helps me a lot."

"Wow, I never knew. Well, we might have to look into that."

"Okay, now it's your turn. What makes you tick?"

"Oh, I couldn't tell you. I know you will get angry and it's better that I keep
it to myself."

"That's not fair. Julie told us that it has to come both ways."

"That's true." He took a deep breath and told me about someone he met when he
was on a business trip. The man was sitting at the bar of the hotel and kept
looking at a woman who was sitting on the other end, talking to some guy. He
kept looking at her, not staring or anything, just glances and he had this
weird little smile.

"I sat down near him," Travis said, "gathering all my courage and then just
asked him. The man looked at me and said 'See that woman over there? The blonde
who is talking to that tall guy. That's my wife. She loves flirting with other
men, dancing with them, kissing them. Sometimes she even sleeps with them. But
she always lets me watch and we have the best sex after. I love her so much
that I am willing to give this to her. To let her satisfy her needs.'"

Travis was quiet for a moment, collecting his thoughts then said "Ever since
then I've been thinking about that. About how I would feel if -- but I know it
will never happen."

I was dumbfounded at first, couldn't believe what he had just told me. "What
are you telling me?" I asked him, "Do you want to see me with another man? What
are you saying?"

He took a deep breath, started to shake a little and said "I've been watching
these videos online. Of couples who _swing_, as they call it. Most of them say
that it strengthened their relationships. That they loved each other so much,
trusted each other so much they were willing to _open up_ their relationship.
Give room for other people, so to say."

If it hadn't been for the safe space I think I might have smacked him at that
moment, but I kept you our agreement, calmed myself down and said "That's a lot
to think about. I don't know how to feel about that."

"I know and I understand. We were meant to be open and honest, weren't we?
Well, this is it. There isn't anything else. That's my sexual fantasy."

I was quiet for a moment and then asked "So, when we're together do you ever
think about someone else? Imagine that you're with someone else?"

"Sometimes I do," he replied, "like you imagining we're somewhere else, I
sometimes thing about that. Yes."

I swallowed my pride and said "Okay then. That ruined the night for me." and
walked away.

There was some tension between us for a few days, I had to process what he had
told me and it was a bitter pill for me to swallow. Then one evening when he
got home I sat at the kitchen table again. When he sat down I said "I am sorry
about how I reacted, but it wasn't easy for me to hear you say that. Let's just
find a way how we can -- satisfy -- that fantasy. Let me just tell you I will
not sleep with anyone, but maybe there's a way we can make it more real."

"I would love that," he replied, "And I've been thinking about it too. I am not
sorry for telling you as it is the truth. I am rather glad I finally did, it
lifted a weight from my shoulders. Maybe we could try that role playing thing,
like we go to a bar and pretend we don't know each other. Something like that.
We could fulfill both our fantasies, we could do it somewhere more _dangerous_
and I could pretend you're someone else."

"I could wear a wig," I replied just to indicated I was willing to make another
sacrifice for him, "I mean, I could look like someone else. We could make up
back stories beforehand, not tell each other anything and play it out during
that evening. You could win me over all over again, sweep me off my feet like
you did the first time we met."

We both got more excited about the idea and that's how I ended up at this bar,
in this club wearing a nice dress and my wedding ring on the nightstand back at
the hotel. That night I was Iris, a woman who just got divorced, without any
children. I was waiting for Travis to come in so we could finally start the
role play, but it had been half an hour already and I started to think I was at
the wrong club.

Suddenly a man came standing next to me. "What is a girl like you doing in a
place like this?" he said. It couldn't have been cheesier and it wasn't Travis
who was saying it. I looked up and the man smiled with a beautiful smile. He
was quite handsome and I wished I still had the one thing that kept men like
him at bay: my wedding ring. I smiled slightly and said "Sorry, I couldn't hear
you. The music is quite loud."

The man laughed and said "We could sit over there, it's a little quieter. Or I
could just buy you a drink here." I stared at him for a moment and said "White
wine would be nice." The man chuckled and ordered two drinks, a wine for me and
a scotch for him. He sat down on the stool next to me and said "Well, you still
haven't answered my question. What's a girl like you doing in a place like
this?"

"Oh, you really expected an answer? I thought it was just one of those openings
men use on women. Like 'come here often?' or 'Did it hurt when you fell from
heaven?'."

The man laughed and said "Yes, I suppose it was something like that. Touche.
No, it was a real question. You don't look like you're comfortable here, I saw
you look around as if you were looking for someone. I just thought you might
want some company while you were waiting, that's all."

"You weren't wrong. I am looking for someone." I was amazed by how easy it was
to talk to him, he had something about him that was disarming. "Look," I
continued, "I can't do this. I am married and my husband is about to walk in.
We're going through a rough patch and reliving the night we met was supposed to
rekindle something. But it was a stupid idea. I just don't feel comfortable
doing this. And I have no idea why I just told you that. I mean I don't know
you at all."

"Well, my name is Mike and I'm 35, not married, no kids. I have a good job, I'm
a lawyer, and let me see what else can I tell you about me. Oh yes, I went to
Yale after I graduated high school. My parents are Bill and Mary, they are
still together and live out their retirement in Sunnyvale. My sister is
married, has two kids and she owns a gym. Her husband also works there. Any
questions?"

I chuckled, shook my head and said "Iris, my name is Iris. Or at least for
tonight it is."

"So you want to know all about me and all I get is a fake name?"

"Yes, for now that has to suffice. I am to scared to tell you who I really am,
just not ready to go that far."

"Okay, point taken. Iris it is." We talked for quite some time and I really
started to like him, the fact he didn't push anything helped a lot with me
feeling more comfortable in the whole situation. I laughed at his jokes, we
just had a good time talking. From the corner of my eyes I caught a glimpse of
Travis at the other end of the bar, he was looking at us with a slight smile on
his face. Suddenly I realized I actually was acting out his fantasy. He was
watching me being with another man, all of a sudden the whole situation changed
for me. It could have been the wine talking but I noticed I was having fun just
talking with this guy who I had just met. As soon as I realized that I felt my
nipples harden, it became a little moist between my legs. I hadn't felt like
that since the night I met Travis, I recognized the feelings I had.

I glimpsed at Travis as I sipped from my wine seeing him making the smallest of
nods as if to say 'Go on. Go for it.' I turned my attention to Mike again and
started to flirt with him a little. The moment I felt his hand on my leg I
panicked, said I had to go to the bathroom and walked away. Once inside I
looked at myself in the mirror whispering "What are you doing? You can't do
this, you're married for gods sake." But I had to admit the whole situation
felt exhilarating, exciting and it had turned me on a little. There was just
one thing: I couldn't do it. I had to stop.

I took out my phone, ordered a cab and told Mike I had to go. Within minutes a
man asked if anyone had called a taxi and I waved to him. Travis followed me
with his eyes and I ignored him as we had agreed that we didn't know each other
after all. After a 10 minute ride I got out at the hotel and walked inside. I
had barely closed the door when Travis arrived.

"What happened?" he asked and he sounded really concerned.

"Nothing," I replied as I put my wedding ring back where it belonged. "It was
just -- how do I say this? I'm afraid I had a little too much fun." I sat down
on the bed, ready to cry. "I was having too much fun, Travis," I felt the tears
well up, "I don't know why, but it did."

He sat down next to me and said "You liked it? Did you really?"

I nodded "Yes, he was saying all the right words. When he touched my knee I
panicked and had to get out of there."

He placed his hands in my cheeks, kissed me and said "So tell me, what could
have happened if you hadn't panicked? Would you have danced with him? Maybe
even kissed him?"

I calmed down, saw the lust on his face and said "Maybe. Maybe even more."

"Tell me."

"Maybe I would have let him touch me." Travis moaned. "Maybe I might have
allowed him to feel me." With every sentence Travis moaned louder. "Maybe we
might have sat down in a dark spot where he would squeeze my boobs, feel them,
take them out, suck on them. Maybe I would have touched him too."

"Like this?" Travis enacted on all the cues I had given him and I fantasized
about being with Mike.

"Yes, like that. Maybe I would have had his lid in my hand, jerk him a little.
Spread my legs for him as he has his fingers inside me. He made me so wet,
Travis, I wanted him so bad." Travis undressed me and said "Tell me more, what
would you have done with him?"

"We would have ended up here. He takes off my dress, squeezes my boobs and I
press my butt against his hard lid." I moaned softly as Travis did what I just
had said. "Feeling his hard penis against my ass makes me so wet and he has his
hands all over my naked body. Then I bend over, right there at the table.
Spread my legs a little and offer myself to him."

Travis moaned loud and got on top of me. "I grab his cock and guide him inside
me," I whispered in his ear, "I am going to fuck him so hard, Travis, I want to
fuck Mike. I want him so bad. I never thought I would say this, but I really
wanted to fuck him." Travis started to pound me like he had never done before
and every time I told him how I was being fucked by another man he moaned like
I had never heard him before.

"I am going to come so hard on his cock, Travis. So hard." as he was slamming
me I felt an orgasm coming up. "Oh Mike, I'm coming Mike. I'm coming on your
cock and my husband is watching me fuck you. Mike, come inside me Mike. I want
your cum deep inside my pussy. Oh Mike, I'm coming, I'm COMING!" My whole body
started to shake and shiver, my vision went black. I had the deepest orgasm I
had ever had in my life, I planted my nails deep inside Travis' back. At the
same time I felt him come too. He exploded deep inside me.

We both needed quite some time to regain our breath, to return to this world
again. My whole body still tingled and was so sensitive I could almost feel
every threat in the sheets on our bed. When we both had returned we looked at
each other, kissed and started over again.

"Then I would have pushed him on this bed, got on top of him and made him fuck
me all over again," I said, "I would ride him until he made me come again and
again and again." We had sex a few times that night and every time I had sex
with another guy we made up. Ever time Travis was sitting on a chair to watch
me have sex with another man. The whole experience had lit a fire within me
that I couldn't explain, but I couldn't deny it any longer. It was there and it
had always been there, I had denied it for so long. Now it had come to the
surface it was here to stay.

## Chapter Two

